What is Henry Feilden's occupation?
What is Herlyn Espinal's occupation?
What is Edward Corser's occupation?
What is John Finlay's occupation?
What is Bruce McDaniel's occupation?
What is Edwin Wallock's occupation?
What is Matthew McKay's occupation?
What is Dominick Bellizzi's occupation?
What is Ole Krarup's occupation?
What is Antonio Álvarez Alonso's occupation?
What is Boutheina Jabnoun's occupation?
What is Derek Wheatley's occupation?
What is Herman A. Barnett's occupation?
What is Modou Dia's occupation?
What is Jon Eikemo's occupation?
What is Marco Ameglio's occupation?
What is Valgerður Bjarnadóttir's occupation?
What is Russell Stokes's occupation?
What is Jim Brown's occupation?
What is Edwin E. Ellis's occupation?
What is Muhammad Ali Luqman's occupation?
What is Ivo Perilli's occupation?
What is Rinaldo del Mel's occupation?
What is Annie Beustes's occupation?
What is Kazuyoshi Sekine's occupation?
What is Domingo Eyzaguirre's occupation?
What is Charles Harrison's occupation?
What is Richard Harris's occupation?
What is Peter Murnoy's occupation?
What is James M. Geraghty's occupation?
What is Michael Hutchings's occupation?
What is James Alex Msekela's occupation?
What is Masayoshi Nataniya's occupation?
What is Ernst Timme's occupation?
What is Ludwig Lichtschein's occupation?
What is Władysław Sławny's occupation?
What is Walter Köbel's occupation?
What is John Barnes's occupation?
What is Adil Shamoo's occupation?
What is Patrick Mulvany's occupation?
What is Arcangelo Ghisleri's occupation?
What is Giora Godik's occupation?
What is Thomas Challis's occupation?
What is Christopher Butson's occupation?
What is Rich Brightman's occupation?
What is Franz Seitz Sr.'s occupation?
What is Frederick Dundas's occupation?
What is Olav T. Laake's occupation?
What is Eliza Lawrence's occupation?
What is Charles Combe's occupation?
What is John D. Maurice's occupation?
What is Raymond S. Burton's occupation?
What is Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer's occupation?
What is Debra Weeks's occupation?
What is Bedřich Feigl's occupation?
What is Edward Gunasekara's occupation?
What is David M. Westcott's occupation?
What is J. Da Silva's occupation?
What is Carsten Carlsen's occupation?
What is Fritz Goos's occupation?
What is Alexander Gadolin's occupation?
What is Levi P. Powers's occupation?
What is John Strange's occupation?
What is Walter de la Pole's occupation?
What is Kyaw Swe's occupation?
What is Paul Caillaud's occupation?
What is Bridie O'Flaherty's occupation?
What is Ivan Kulichenko's occupation?
What is Giuseppe Demachi's occupation?
What is E. David Redwine's occupation?
What is Kyriakos Mavronikolas's occupation?
What is John Blake, Jr.'s occupation?
What is Mami Matsui's occupation?
What is Marie-France Mignal's occupation?
What is Andreas Rüdiger's occupation?
What is Robert Lewis's occupation?
What is Guillem Ramon de Gironella's occupation?
What is Alan Mauritz Swanson's occupation?
What is Harvey William Burk's occupation?
What is Jörg A. Eggers's occupation?
What is Petru Vlah's occupation?
What is Pierre Abraham's occupation?
What is Elvin Penner's occupation?
What is Rodrigo Arocena's occupation?
What is Fidel Antuña Batista's occupation?
What is Thomas Gifford's occupation?
What is Pietro Marcenaro's occupation?
What is William Australia Graham's occupation?
What is Richard Myers's occupation?
What is Frits Castricum's occupation?
What is Per Risvik's occupation?
What is Alan Bjerga's occupation?
What is Rose Beaudet's occupation?
What is Jean Gabriel Marie's occupation?
What is George Birnie Esslemont's occupation?
What is Shorty Hamilton's occupation?
What is Nandor Balazs's occupation?
What is Maurice Le Boucher's occupation?
What is T. P. Poonatchi's occupation?
What is René Bégin's occupation?
What is Robert Jonckheere's occupation?
What is Arafan Camara's occupation?
What is George Lewis's occupation?
What is Louis O'Dea's occupation?
What is Derek Ingram Hill's occupation?
What is Sebaki Devi Das Tatma's occupation?
What is Howard Fowles's occupation?
What is Julia de Asensi's occupation?
What is Đurđa Ivezić's occupation?
What is Thomas Widdrington's occupation?
What is Jean-Marie-Victor Viel's occupation?
What is Virginia Haviland's occupation?
What is Frances Josephy's occupation?
What is John Williams Tobey's occupation?
What is Jorge Traverso's occupation?
What is Paolo Pellizzari's occupation?
What is Petr Mlsna's occupation?
What is Lorena Corona Valdés's occupation?
What is Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet's occupation?
What is Donald Robert Macgregor's occupation?
What is Clement Baker's occupation?
In what city was Belarmino Mario Chipongue born?
In what city was Charles Hammock born?
In what city was Izhar Elias born?
In what city was Roger McCardell born?
In what city was Antonio Calcagni born?
In what city was Philipp Crone born?
In what city was I.P. Paul born?
In what city was Endre Bálint born?
In what city was Aleksandr Nekrasov born?
In what city was Andrian Mardiansyah born?
In what city was Bert Myers born?
In what city was Scott Fraser born?
In what city was Giuseppe Castelli born?
In what city was Harold Reetz born?
In what city was Fernand Cornez born?
In what city was Volodymyr O. Kravets born?
In what city was Yinka Ayenuwa born?
In what city was Phil Williams born?
In what city was James M. Bingham born?
In what city was Gustavo Grondona born?
In what city was Ricardo Maliandi born?
In what city was Annika Billstam born?
In what city was Eric Defoort born?
In what city was Reinaldo Dalcin born?
In what city was Bob Cremins born?
In what city was Greg Windsperger born?
In what city was Matt Moralee born?
In what city was Lloyd Ultan born?
In what city was Ivan Khomukha born?
In what city was Bob Warlick born?
In what city was Clarence Beck born?
In what city was Aloïs Boudry born?
In what city was Tony Shields born?
In what city was Amoene van Haersolte born?
In what city was Jim Baker born?
In what city was Pete Stewart born?
In what city was Piotr Balcerzak born?
In what city was Mariano Chao born?
In what city was John Edgerton born?
In what city was Jim born?
In what city was James Brown born?
In what city was Andrea di Alessandro born?
In what city was Gregorio Selser born?
In what city was Anne Brusletto born?
In what city was Arthur Thomson born?
In what city was Miloš Žeravica born?
In what city was Giovanni Speranza born?
In what city was Anton Lui born?
In what city was Paul Walker born?
In what city was Kristian Outinen born?
In what city was Matthijs Dulken born?
In what city was Sebastian Hofmann born?
In what city was Emil Marschalk von Ostheim born?
In what city was Esau Tjiuoro born?
In what city was Gerard Thomas born?
In what city was Ricardo Sánchez born?
In what city was Bruno Nöckler born?
In what city was Gloria Porras Valles born?
In what city was Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt born?
In what city was Robert B. Scarborough born?
In what city was Dilson Torres born?
In what city was Ray Strauss born?
In what city was Robert Zawada born?
In what city was John A. Shaud born?
In what city was Gianni Lonzi born?
In what city was Maksim Andreyevich Fyodorov born?
In what city was Scott McCuaig born?
In what city was Louis-Arsène Lavallée born?
In what city was Clemente Isnard born?
In what city was Dale Polley born?
In what city was Robert Crannell Minor born?
In what city was Izumi Iimura born?
In what city was Aleksandar Madžar born?
In what city was Roland Wieser born?
In what city was Doc Parker born?
In what city was Giovanni Stefano Marucelli born?
In what city was Matt Hamilton born?
In what city was William Perry Hay born?
In what city was John Robinson born?
In what city was Anders Orvin born?
In what city was Florence Marie Harsant born?
In what city was Diana Estrada born?
In what city was Terry Hunte born?
In what city was Steve McDonald born?
In what city was Izaskun Zubizarreta Gerendiain born?
In what city was Grant Bramwell born?
In what city was Valentin Avrorin born?
In what city was Aleksandar Markovski born?
In what city was Tsugumi Higasayama born?
In what city was Hansi Niese born?
In what city was Raimonds Vilde born?
In what city was Nay Myo Thant born?
In what city was Aarno Maliniemi born?
In what city was Charles Plumer born?
In what city was Moon Joo-won born?
In what city was Leobardo Soto born?
In what city was Masaru Inada born?
In what city was Pierre Petit born?
In what city was Billy Carlson born?
In what city was Abraham Raimbach born?
In what city was H. Hugh Bancroft born?
In what city was Nina Dittrich born?
In what city was Gary Freear born?
In what city was Paweł Blehm born?
In what city was Keri Lees born?
In what city was Christos Mitsis born?
In what city was Robin Williams born?
In what city was John Keating born?
In what city was Jurgis Karnavičius born?
In what city was Xue Fei born?
In what city was Din Joe Crowley born?
In what city was Joachim Zachris Duncker born?
In what city was Paul Braniff born?
In what city was Scott Patterson born?
In what city was Emmanuel Biron born?
In what city was Yugo Yoshida born?
In what city was Montxu Miranda born?
In what city was Juha Jokela born?
In what city was Richard S. Bull born?
In what city was Maurice Reymond de Broutelles born?
In what city was Juan Manuel Montero Vázquez born?
In what city was Evan Abraham born?
In what city was Carlos Nieto born?
In what city was Andy Keeley born?
In what city was Fernando García born?
In what city was William Franklin Switzler born?
In what city was György Kárpáti born?
In what city was Szymon Kataszek born?
In what city was David Granger born?
In what city was John Mant born?
In what city was Andrea Magi born?
In what city was Shagari Mohammed born?
In what city was Frederick Mackenzie born?
In what city was Gyula Czimra born?
In what city was Catherine Tishem born?
In what city was Jiří Vyčichlo born?
In what city was Jesús Antonio Hernández born?
In what city was Gerhard Ludwig born?
In what city was Gaston-François de Witte born?
In what city was Farman Behboud born?
In what city was Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla born?
In what city was Martin Simonson born?
In what city was Mimoun Ouled Radi born?
In what city was Anthony Gale born?
In what city was Shinji Hamazaki born?
In what city was Henry Soames born?
In what city was Karl Bartholomaeus Heller born?
In what city was Javier Suárez born?
In what city was Anatoly Georgievich Ufimtsev born?
In what city was Domenico Bologna born?
In what city was Alexandros Matsas born?
In what city was Kazuhiro Suzuki born?
In what city was Gösta Eriksson born?
In what city was Rob Lukachyk born?
In what city was Pierre-Yves Barré born?
In what city was Todd Sieben born?
In what city was Louis Joseph Troost born?
In what city was Heiko Balz born?
In what city was Margot Shumway born?
In what city was Vitaliy Sobko born?
In what city was Mikael Eriksson born?
In what city was Rodger Stevens born?
In what city was Liam Carroll born?
In what city was Wellington Santos da Silva born?
In what city was George Chambers born?
In what city was Marie-Hélène Aubert born?
In what city was Johann Gregor Memhardt born?
In what city was Franghískos Papamanólis born?
In what city was Stig Kleven born?
In what city was Li Huai Min born?
In what city was Florian Reichstädter born?
In what city was Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan born?
In what city was Brad Goddard born?
What genre is Drive On?
What genre is Mother?
What genre is Me and My Friend?
What genre is Unknown?
What genre is Reach?
What genre is Elias Childe?
What genre is André Duchesne?
What genre is Operation Sabotage?
What genre is The Gap?
What genre is Dark Matter?
What genre is Chaotic?
What genre is Flare?
What genre is Brain Slaves?
What genre is The New World?
What genre is McKendree Long?
What genre is Drill?
What genre is Settle?
What genre is Magic Music?
What genre is Voyage?
What genre is Marty Marsala?
What genre is Qian Du?
What genre is To Mother?
What genre is Magic?
What genre is The Harrowing?
What genre is Yellow?
What genre is Hara?
What genre is Nightdreamers?
What genre is The Song of the Suburbs?
What genre is The Club?
What genre is Eddie & the Gang with No Name?
What genre is Koko ni Iruzee!?
What genre is Cut?
What genre is Stories?
What genre is Most of Me?
What genre is I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg?
What genre is VS?
What genre is Seven Veils?
What genre is Bridge?
What genre is Deivos?
What genre is Martinez?
What genre is Chariot Race?
What genre is Progression?
What genre is The Take?
What genre is Conversations?
What genre is Mars?
What genre is Dimensions?
What genre is Astro?
What genre is The Angel?
What genre is Tempting Danger?
What genre is I Will Be There?
What genre is Detour for Emmy?
What genre is Drama?
What genre is Lisa Shaffer?
What genre is Gone?
What genre is Compass?
What genre is Apollo?
What genre is Ruth Berman Harris?
What genre is The Box?
What genre is In Deep?
What genre is Fantasy?
What genre is Just a Matter of Time?
What genre is Reminiscences?
What genre is My Way?
What genre is Our Time?
What genre is El honorable Señor Valdez?
What genre is Piel?
What genre is Collaboration West?
What genre is Thin Ice?
What genre is The Promoter?
What genre is Shine?
What genre is Zones?
What genre is The Gift?
What genre is Gene?
What genre is Evil?
What genre is Pieter Jacobsz Duyfhuysen?
What genre is Serving You?
What genre is Neighbours?
What genre is In Silence?
What genre is A Winter of Cyclists?
What genre is Back to Back?
What genre is Strength?
What genre is All the Years?
What genre is Let It Go?
What genre is Drôles de zèbres?
What genre is The Mark Waters Story?
What genre is Betrayal?
What genre is Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1?
What genre is Let It Be You?
What genre is Scorpio?
What genre is Right There?
What genre is El usurpador?
What genre is Fire?
What genre is The Moment?
What genre is Strangers?
What genre is Info?
What genre is Theatre?
What genre is Background?
What genre is Node?
What genre is In Deep?
What genre is If I Ever?
What genre is More Love?
What genre is The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman?
What genre is My Husband?
What genre is West?
What genre is It Sounds Like?
What genre is The Other Man?
What genre is Wake Up?
What genre is The Copper?
What genre is A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy?
What genre is Buono! 2?
What genre is The Blue Aura?
What genre is Heaven?
What genre is Heist?
Who is the father of Carl Valentin Falsen?
Who is the father of Blue Peter?
Who is the father of Hans Holtedahl?
Who is the father of Richard III of Capua?
Who is the father of Ma Xiu?
Who is the father of Theodelap of Spoleto?
Who is the father of Donor?
Who is the father of Skyline?
Who is the father of Regal Embrace?
Who is the father of Bert Bertrand?
Who is the father of Colcu mac Domnaill?
Who is the father of Isaac B. Desha?
Who is the father of George?
Who is the father of Levan Gruzinsky?
Who is the father of But Why Not?
Who is the father of Match II?
Who is the father of Matthew Henry Richey?
Who is the father of Wang Yuankui?
Who is the father of George?
Who is the father of Now What?
Who is the father of Giacomo Guardi?
Who is the father of Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet?
Who is the father of Leif Claesson?
Who is the father of Georg Adolf Erman?
Who is the father of Louis?
Who is the father of John Donkin?
Who is the father of Searching?
In what country is Union State Bank, Wisconsin?
In what country is Tina?
In what country is Dasht Jeyhun?
In what country is Sar Giz?
In what country is Pir Hayati?
In what country is Dell?
In what country is Bandrakottai?
In what country is Fairview Outdoor School?
In what country is Kılıçlı Kavlaklı?
In what country is Ago?
In what country is Égligny?
In what country is Bitchū-Kawamo Station?
In what country is Borysławice?
In what country is Mato Castelhano?
In what country is Tartaczek?
In what country is Jelow Girangeh?
In what country is Ahmadabad-e Razavi?
In what country is Freedom?
In what country is Ciepień?
In what country is Blenheim?
In what country is Mary?
In what country is Gmina Lubsza?
In what country is Tsutsui Station?
In what country is Edmundston?
In what country is Rahzan?
In what country is Kozići?
In what country is Valdearcos de la Vega?
In what country is Ciucurul Orbului River?
In what country is Gaustadalléen?
In what country is Poręba-Kocęby?
In what country is Dubicze Osoczne?
In what country is Joys?
In what country is Laxmipur, Mahakali?
In what country is Wiesau?
In what country is Lewałd Wielki?
In what country is Kamioka Station?
In what country is Quebec Route 213?
In what country is Al-Fajr Arabsalim?
In what country is Dąbkowice, Łódź Voivodeship?
In what country is Borzymy, Kolno County?
In what country is Fontenay?
In what country is Valea Seacă River?
In what country is Punghina?
In what country is Ormak, Isfahan?
In what country is Vera?
In what country is Kuczynka?
In what country is West Wyomissing?
In what country is Tigra?
In what country is Jauldes?
In what country is Nowa Wieś Reszelska?
In what country is Colonia Nueva Coneta?
In what country is Aminabad?
In what country is Tholuvankadu?
In what country is Anaikudam?
In what country is Society of Early Americanists?
In what country is Denmark Hill Insect Bed?
In what country is Mavjinjava?
In what country is Arthur?
In what country is Pârâul Bogat?
In what country is Têbo?
In what country is Sholoktu?
In what country is Goldasht, Sistan and Baluchestan?
In what country is Eslamabad-e Mashayekh?
In what country is Kalu?
In what country is Pierce?
In what country is Chalhuacocha?
In what country is Footes?
In what country is Oscar?
In what country is Cora?
In what country is Madan Kundari?
In what country is Oborín?
In what country is Ježov?
In what country is Drăgăneasa River?
In what country is Batsère?
In what country is WZRU?
In what country is Idlorpait?
In what country is Barice, Donji Vakuf?
In what country is Habit?
In what country is Sabiote?
In what country is Kalateh-ye Safdarabad?
In what country is Cham Karim?
In what country is Tad?
In what country is Fântâneaua Rece River?
In what country is Panaitoliko?
In what country is Villalcampo?
In what country is Scheidt?
In what country is Toronto Northwest?
In what country is Gornji Davidovići?
In what country is Hobbledehoy Record Co.?
In what country is SWEAT?
In what country is Dəhnəxəlil?
In what country is Khvajeh Soheyl?
In what country is Zec Petawaga?
In what country is Tapay District?
In what country is Cổ Linh?
In what country is Mahaboboka?
In what country is Cześniki-Kolonia Górna?
In what country is Awe?
In what country is Mrákotín?
In what country is Pichlice?
In what country is pero?
In what country is Khafr County?
In what country is İnstitut?
In what country is Karimu?
In what country is Graitschen bei Bürgel?
In what country is Durrenentzen?
In what country is Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar?
In what country is United States Post Office and Courthouse–Billings?
In what country is Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District?
In what country is Rizuiyeh?
In what country is Veliko Korenovo?
In what country is Gimenells i el Pla de la Font?
In what country is La Roche-Clermault?
In what country is Biały Kościół, Lower Silesian Voivodeship?
In what country is Content?
In what country is Zhukiv?
In what country is Saint-Vincent-de-Salers?
In what country is Weed?
In what country is Alder?
In what country is Brizambourg?
In what country is Călmuș River?
In what country is Eschbronn?
In what country is Kondh, Surendranagar?
In what country is Rogers?
In what country is Cos?
In what country is Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College?
In what country is Selkirk Generating Station?
In what country is Devalan?
In what country is Dârmocsa River?
In what country is Gori Balmak?
In what country is Wiang Kao?
In what country is Francis?
In what country is Łazy, Sierpc County?
In what country is Khishig-Öndör?
In what country is Gaffarlı?
In what country is Crow Harbour, New Brunswick?
In what country is Łodygowo, Pisz County?
In what country is Rafael Erich's cabinet?
In what country is canton of Baugy?
In what country is Anjoma?
In what country is Ittamalliyagoda?
In what country is Abra, Ivory Coast?
In what country is Okunakayama-Kōgen Station?
In what country is DeWitt Township?
In what country is Centre?
In what country is Asahi Station?
In what country is Stare Brzóski?
In what country is Bud?
In what country is Tangal-e Behdan?
In what country is Seed 97.5 FM?
In what country is Perth?
In what country is Ara?
In what country is Wir, Masovian Voivodeship?
In what country is Avarzaman?
In what country is Anaran Rural District?
In what country is Barre Denis?
In what country is Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology?
In what country is Jodłówka gas field?
In what country is Tupper-Barnett House?
In what country is Izvorul Morarului River?
In what country is Mehran Kushk?
In what country is Astrodomi Observatory?
In what country is Muratdere?
In what country is Miętkie-Kolonia?
In what country is Szczecin Scientific Society?
In what country is Märstetten?
In what country is Riethnordhausen?
In what country is Tervola Radio and TV-Mast?
In what country is Abdul Mannan Bhuiyan Stadium?
In what country is Alu?
In what country is Chotýčany?
In what country is Asseek River?
In what country is Gąsiorowo, Legionowo County?
In what country is Jeqjeq-e Pain?
In what country is Dragomirna River?
In what country is Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh?
In what country is Grant?
In what country is Rubim do Norte River?
In what country is Institute of Chemistry of Ireland?
In what country is Lima?
In what country is KMEI-LP?
In what country is Záblatí?
In what country is Ba Thín River?
In what country is El Carmen Rivero Tórrez?
In what country is Kawahigashi Station?
In what country is Los Santos mine?
In what country is Whited Township?
In what country is Asalem Rural District?
In what country is Contest?
In what country is Genoa?
In what country is Normania Township?
In what country is Chicche District?
In what country is canton of Marseille-La Pomme?
In what country is Devanur?
In what country is Tegher?
In what country is Kodki?
In what country is Javar Tan?
In what country is New England?
In what country is Kowale, Lower Silesian Voivodeship?
In what country is Obeakpu?
In what country is La Couarde-sur-Mer?
In what country is Riechheimer Berg?
In what country is Alexeni River?
In what country is Villers-sous-Foucarmont?
In what country is North Lake?
In what country is 112th United States Colored Infantry?
In what country is Storsteinnes Chapel?
In what country is Ch'uch'u Apachita?
In what country is Bārta?
In what country is Urge?
In what country is Domašov?
In what country is Vaiea?
In what country is Monitor House?
In what country is Sagoni?
In what country is Eeuwfeestkliniek?
In what country is Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship?
In what country is Xaga?
In what country is Babino, Haiti?
In what country is Hatnagoda?
In what country is Deodara?
In what country is Puzdrowizna?
In what country is Harisan?
In what country is Ločenice?
In what country is Aki?
In what country is Taia River?
In what country is Sjösa?
In what country is Morales de Campos?
In what country is Dobra River?
In what country is Karahasanlı?
In what country is Ackerman-Dewsnap House?
In what country is Wilcza Jama, Sokółka County?
In what country is Givron?
In what country is Humane Heritage Museum?
In what country is Arlington?
In what country is Adams?
In what country is Pira?
In what country is Tōhoku History Museum?
In what country is Neal?
In what country is Korean Magazine Museum?
In what country is Francheville Aerodrome?
In what country is Kijevac?
In what country is Iron River (CDP), Wisconsin?
In what country is Lätäseno?
In what country is Mount Shinten?
In what country is Dual Plover?
In what country is Saint-Antonin?
In what country is Peterson?
In what country is Joy?
In what country is Valea Pleșii River?
In what country is Sutlepa?
In what country is Movraž?
In what country is Sarnowo, Chełmno County?
In what country is Saint-Pierrevillers?
In what country is Archipelago Museum?
In what country is Revigliasco d'Asti?
In what country is Willow River?
In what country is Uñón District?
In what country is Ban On?
In what country is Kanaküla?
In what country is Breitenfelde?
In what country is Konjsko Brdo?
In what country is New York State Route 157?
In what country is Le Moustoir?
In what country is Mackay Courthouse?
In what country is Landresse?
In what country is Robinson?
In what country is Lambertz Open by STAWAG?
In what country is Goreme?
In what country is Gawarzec Dolny?
In what country is Studzianka, Podlaskie Voivodeship?
In what country is Gare de Rosporden?
In what country is Earl?
In what country is Donji Matejevac?
In what country is Rozsochatec?
Who was the producer of Benjamin Franklin, Jr.?
Who was the producer of O skliros andras?
Who was the producer of The Hunt?
Who was the producer of The Accused?
Who was the producer of Just Like Us?
Who was the producer of Today?
Who was the producer of The Pioneers?
Who was the producer of The Deal?
Who was the producer of On Tour?
Who was the producer of The Baby on the Barge?
Who was the producer of The Trap?
Who was the producer of The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show?
Who was the producer of Ghost?
Who was the producer of From Now On?
Who was the producer of John Heriot's Wife?
Who was the producer of Italian Style?
Who was the producer of Strand?
Who was the producer of The Thing We Love?
Who was the producer of One of Those?
Who was the producer of The Lie?
Who was the producer of Early Man?
Who was the producer of The Garden of Weeds?
Who was the producer of Maling Kutang?
Who was the producer of Party?
Who was the producer of Saturday Morning?
Who was the producer of Mother and Child?
Who was the producer of Revelations?
Who was the producer of Home?
Who was the producer of The Test?
Who was the producer of Me First?
Who was the producer of Shine?
Who was the producer of Trains of Winnipeg?
Who was the producer of In the Family?
Who was the producer of The Easiest Way?
Who was the producer of Hired!?
Who was the producer of Shine?
Who was the producer of De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland?
Who was the director of City of Beautiful Nonsense?
Who was the director of The Sisters?
Who was the director of Those Who Love?
Who was the director of Chi?
Who was the director of The Happy Family?
Who was the director of The Only Woman?
Who was the director of The Gamble?
Who was the director of Senior Year?
Who was the director of Victory?
Who was the director of Me First?
Who was the director of Pilot?
Who was the director of La renzoni?
Who was the director of Messiah?
Who was the director of Homecoming?
Who was the director of Thank You, Madame?
Who was the director of All the Way Up?
Who was the director of Zonnetje?
Who was the director of College?
Who was the director of Practical Jokers?
Who was the director of The Tree?
Who was the director of Driven?
Who was the director of Son contento?
Who was the director of Taxi at Midnight?
Who was the director of Freedom?
Who was the director of Balance?
Who was the director of Faith?
Who was the director of On the Run?
Who was the director of Variety?
Who was the director of The Night Riders?
Who was the director of You and I?
Who was the director of La cruz?
Who was the director of The Love Nest?
Who was the director of The Resolve?
Who was the director of Out?
Who was the director of While There is Still Time?
Who was the director of Den store gavtyv?
Who was the director of The Physician?
Who was the director of El Último perro?
Who was the director of The Easiest Way?
Who was the director of The Betrayed?
Who was the director of Sacrifice?
Who was the director of Women Who Work?
Who was the director of Trail?
Who was the director of Det var paa Rundetaarn?
Who was the director of The Barrier?
Who was the director of Genius?
Who was the director of Men and Women?
Who was the director of Sold?
Who was the director of The Saint?
Who was the director of The Pioneers?
Who was the director of Broadway Jones?
Who was the director of The Last Word?
Who was the director of Escape?
Who was the director of These Children?
Who was the director of Emergency Landing?
Who was the director of Pilot?
Who was the director of La Rival?
Who was the director of Echo?
Who was the director of The Trap?
Who was the director of Cocktail?
Who was the director of Mother and Child?
Who was the director of The Pigskin Palooka?
Who was the director of Public Opinion?
Who was the director of College?
Who was the director of Day by Day?
Who was the director of The Day?
Who was the director of Le Guérisseur?
Who was the director of The Photo?
Who was the director of Bingo?
Who was the director of Big Dreams Little Tokyo?
Who was the director of A Rowboat Romance?
Who was the director of Young People?
Who was the director of The Kiss?
Who was the director of Indizienbeweis?
Who was the director of Accident?
Who was the director of Fingers?
Who was the director of The Girl in Mourning?
Who was the director of September?
Who was the director of The Return?
Who was the director of Vanity?
Who was the director of Ghost?
Who was the director of One of Those?
Who was the director of The Key?
Who was the director of The Wolf?
Who was the director of Mates?
Who was the director of The Valley?
Who was the director of Per amare Ofelia?
Who was the director of The Loudwater Mystery?
Who was the director of Pilot?
Who was the director of Hakeem's New Flame?
Who was the director of Just Like Us?
Who was the director of A Helpful Sisterhood?
Who was the director of Panic?
Who was the director of Victory?
Who was the director of Not So Long Ago?
What is Kluczewsko the capital of?
What is Jesús the capital of?
What is Bolsheustyikinskoye the capital of?
What is Dmitriyev the capital of?
What is Idi Rayeuk the capital of?
Who was the screenwriter for Death of a Batman?
Who was the screenwriter for Fear No More?
Who was the screenwriter for The Fake?
Who was the screenwriter for Boquitas pintadas?
Who was the screenwriter for Pilot?
Who was the screenwriter for Goodbye?
Who was the screenwriter for Party?
Who was the screenwriter for Grace?
Who was the screenwriter for Ghost?
Who was the screenwriter for By og land hand i hand?
Who was the screenwriter for The Accused?
Who was the screenwriter for Exit the Vamp?
Who was the screenwriter for Mary's Ankle?
Who was the screenwriter for Democracy?
Who was the screenwriter for Revelations?
Who was the screenwriter for Ending It?
Who was the screenwriter for Hoppa högst?
Who was the screenwriter for Guilty?
Who was the screenwriter for Salvation?
Who was the screenwriter for The Last Word?
Who was the screenwriter for Rang-ha?
Who was the screenwriter for White Gold?
Who was the screenwriter for The Bride’s Journey?
Who was the screenwriter for Pilot?
Who was the screenwriter for These Children?
Who was the screenwriter for Prototype?
Who was the screenwriter for Ma Hogan's New Boarder?
Who was the screenwriter for Le Fils d'Amr est mort?
Who was the screenwriter for Tine?
Who was the screenwriter for The Worst Years of Our Lives?
Who was the screenwriter for The City?
Who was the screenwriter for Jackson: My Life... Your Fault?
Who was the screenwriter for Three Loves in Rio?
Who was the screenwriter for Guilty?
Who was the screenwriter for The Return?
Who was the screenwriter for Oregon?
Who was the screenwriter for Bingo?
Who was the screenwriter for Impossible?
Who was the screenwriter for The Accused?
Who was the screenwriter for Daybreak?
Who was the screenwriter for Féminin, masculin?
Who was the screenwriter for Tom Jones?
Who was the composer of One?
Who was the composer of Hello?
Who was the composer of Ghost?
Who was the composer of Solo?
Who was the composer of To Live?
Who was the composer of Tailor Wibbel?
Who was the composer of To The West?
Who was the composer of The Witch?
Who was the composer of Images?
Who was the composer of Kallai Mattum?
Who was the composer of I'm in Love?
Who was the composer of Prelude in F major, Op. 49, No. 2?
Who was the composer of Piano Concerto?
Who was the composer of Reißt euch los, bedrängte Sinnen, BWV 224?
Who was the composer of Homecoming?
Who was the composer of The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif?
Who was the composer of Gisela!?
Who was the composer of The Giants?
Who was the composer of To the Sky?
Who was the composer of Say When?
Who was the composer of Alone?
Who was the composer of Famous?
Who was the composer of Signal?
Who was the composer of Miss You?
Who was the composer of Living with You?
Who was the composer of Pocket?
Who was the composer of Images?
Who was the composer of The Hope?
Who was the composer of Time Machine?
Who was the composer of Porch?
Who was the composer of Shine?
Who was the composer of Nozze istriane?
Who was the composer of Overture in G major?
Who was the composer of Tea for One?
Who was the composer of Chasing?
Who was the composer of String Quartet No. 3?
Who was the composer of That's Right?
Who was the composer of Symphony No. 33?
Who was the composer of Symphony No. 8?
Who was the composer of Discipline?
Who was the composer of Cue Ball Cat?
Who was the composer of One More Time?
Who was the composer of Big Foot?
Who was the composer of Sometime?
Who was the composer of Prelude for Clarinet?
Who was the composer of The Moment's Energy?
Who was the composer of Pole?
Who was the composer of Miss You?
What is the religion of James Albert Duffy?
What is the religion of Pierre-Antoine Paulo?
What is the religion of Joseph-Médard Émard?
What is the religion of Clemente Isnard?
What is the religion of Franciszek Rogaczewski?
What is the religion of Arturo Tabera Araoz?
What is the religion of Alfred Reid?
What is the religion of Simon Ntamwana?
What is the religion of Kenneth Kennedy?
What is the religion of Guadalupe Missionaries?
What is the religion of John Richardson?
What is the religion of Gabriel Sharma?
What is the religion of Carlo Curis?
What is the religion of John Gwynn?
What is the religion of Joseph Schubert?
What is the religion of Bellino Giusto Ghirard?
What is the religion of Heinrich Fasching?
What is the religion of Angelo Maria Rivato?
What is the religion of Walter James Fitzgerald?
What is the religion of John Peter Jukes?
What is the religion of François Gayot?
What is the religion of Ricardo Watty Urquidi?
What is the religion of William Preston?
What is the religion of Cosmo Francesco Ruppi?
What is the religion of José Palmeira Lessa?
What is the religion of Niccolò Marini?
What is the religion of James MacManaway?
What is the religion of Bernard Yago?
What is the religion of Bernard William Schmitt?
What is the religion of James Uno?
What is the religion of Pedro Lisímaco de Jesús Vílchez Vílchez?
What is the religion of Robert Milman?
What is the religion of Kenneth Bevan?
What is the religion of Benjamin Marc Ramaroson?
What is the religion of Ecclesiastical Statistics?
What is the religion of Ioan Duma?
What is the religion of Arnaldo Ribeiro?
What is the religion of Ignacy Tokarczuk?
What is the religion of John Orr?
What is the religion of Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia?
What sport does 2012 Georgetown Hoyas men's soccer team play?
What sport does Armand Raymond play?
What sport does Luan Viana Patrocínio play?
What sport does Alain Rakotondramanana play?
What sport does Radik Zhaparov play?
What sport does 2006 Korea Open Badminton Championships play?
What sport does Sol Ky-Ong play?
What sport does 2006–07 Primera B Nacional play?
What sport does Günter Kutowski play?
What sport does 1994 Swedish Open play?
What sport does Najeh Humoud play?
What sport does 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic play?
What sport does Luciano Vella play?
What sport does 1988–89 FA Cup Qualifying Rounds play?
What sport does Francisco Javier Lloret Martínez play?
What sport does Alain Laurier play?
What sport does Francisco David González Borges play?
What sport does 1989–90 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga season play?
What sport does 1923 in Brazilian football play?
What sport does Ye Zhibin play?
What sport does Matteo Pivotto play?
What sport does Imbi Hoop play?
What sport does Gerd Schwidrowski play?
What sport does 2014 Powiat Poznański Open play?
What sport does 1997 Conference USA Baseball Tournament play?
What sport does Vasili Penyasov play?
What sport does Andrei Bogomolov play?
What sport does Roberto Nani play?
What sport does Dumitru Hubert play?
What sport does James MacKenzie play?
What sport does Christophe Ott play?
What sport does Stephen Connor play?
What sport does Ladislav Žák play?
What sport does 2002 Euro Beach Soccer Cup play?
What sport does Sebastián Morquio play?
What sport does Cho Keung-yeon play?
What sport does Frank Allcock play?
What sport does Radek Opršal play?
What sport does David Homoláč play?
What sport does Alex Crombie play?
What sport does 2013 Torneo di Viareggio play?
What sport does Julián Lalinde play?
What sport does Diego Díaz Garrido play?
What sport does Vladislav Matviyenko play?
What sport does Vyacheslav Chadov play?
What sport does Koumiba Djossouvi play?
What sport does 2010–11 South West Peninsula League play?
What sport does Robert Braet play?
What sport does Walter Pfeiffer play?
What sport does Archie Needham play?
What sport does 1990–91 British Basketball League season play?
What sport does Ozren Perić play?
What sport does Zanzibar national under-20 football team play?
What sport does Giovanni Fanello play?
What sport does 2001–02 Division 1 season play?
What sport does Bob Priddy play?
What sport does Jin Zhiyang play?
What sport does Israel Andrade play?
What sport does Patrick Edema play?
What sport does Agustín Elduayen play?
What sport does Sébastien Chevallier play?
What sport does João Schlittler play?
What sport does Andrew Tucker play?
What sport does Indonesia Education League play?
What sport does Ramón Rodríguez play?
What sport does Leonardo Torres play?
What sport does Oleg Imrekov play?
What sport does Ali Sami Yachir play?
What sport does Gergő Kovács play?
What sport does Daigo Watanabe play?
What sport does WTA South Orange play?
What sport does Shuto Suzuki play?
What sport does Hans Cornelis play?
What sport does Masahito Noto play?
What sport does Elias MacDonald play?
What sport does Mikhail Petrusyov play?
What sport does Kwak Hee-ju play?
What sport does Dan Parkinson play?
What sport does Bill Wilkinson play?
What sport does Oscar Roig Iglesias play?
What sport does Radoslav Rashkov play?
What sport does 1994–95 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup play?
What sport does Willi Kirsei play?
What sport does Bobby Windsor play?
What sport does Michael Gibson play?
What sport does David Davidson play?
What sport does Momo Wall Blamo play?
What sport does Alexandru Chiculiță play?
What sport does Irina Crasnoscioc play?
What sport does Louis Perrée play?
What sport does 2011–12 Elon Phoenix men's basketball team play?
What sport does Gustavo García play?
What sport does FIBT World Championships 1939 play?
What sport does Frank Cornan play?
What sport does Andrei Vițelaru play?
What sport does 1973 Virginia Slims of Fort Lauderdale play?
What sport does Shahrul Azhar Ture play?
What sport does 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina play?
What sport does Maximiliano Cuberas play?
What sport does All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1970 play?
What sport does Alexei Ugarov play?
What sport does Duncan Lambie play?
What sport does Saša Janić play?
What sport does Tony Wagstaff play?
What sport does George Burley play?
What sport does Guilherme Andrade play?
What sport does Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan play?
What sport does Pablo Aguilar play?
What sport does Sava Paunović play?
What sport does 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season play?
What sport does 1994–95 Fußball-Bundesliga play?
What sport does Juan López Hita play?
What sport does Livia Altmann play?
What sport does Granada Lions play?
What sport does Francis play?
What sport does José Luis Contaja play?
What sport does Luis Eduardo Maldonado play?
What sport does Afyonkarahisarspor play?
What sport does canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games – women's K-4 500 metres play?
What sport does Andrés Bottiglieri play?
What sport does Hermann Gadner play?
What sport does Radoslav Školník play?
What sport does Gábor Jánvári play?
What sport does 1995 Cook Islands Round Cup play?
What sport does Hans Pieren play?
What sport does Adel Bousmal play?
What sport does Scott Muirhead play?
What sport does Sofia Anker-Kofoed play?
What sport does Kiribati men's national basketball team play?
What sport does Samir Sarsare play?
What sport does Turkish Seniors Open play?
What sport does Njurunda SK play?
What sport does 2009 Ukrainian Cup Final play?
What sport does Krasen Trifonov play?
What sport does Lukáš Bodeček play?
What sport does Ebrahim Asadi play?
What sport does Jeannot Gilbert play?
What sport does Roland Repiský play?
What sport does Nigel Marples play?
What sport does Marc Santo-Roman play?
What sport does Sandar IL play?
What sport does Francesco Reda play?
What sport does Pedro Ferreira-Mendes play?
What sport does E Sour El Ghozlane play?
What sport does Lek Kcira play?
What sport does Daniel Manzato play?
What sport does 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League play?
What sport does John Parsons play?
What sport does list of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012 play?
What sport does Abdulhadi Khalaf play?
What sport does VOKO-Irodion play?
What sport does Paul Chapman play?
What sport does Guyana women's national field hockey team play?
What sport does Atanas Atanasov play?
What sport does Abdoul Thiam play?
What sport does Lobos BUAP Premier play?
What sport does Harry Clay play?
What sport does Maxwell Griffin play?
What sport does Yuri Koroviansky play?
What sport does Albert Cox play?
What sport does Luka Glavaš play?
What sport does Guo Ruilong play?
What sport does Mehmet Gürkan Öztürk play?
What sport does Nicolaas Cortlever play?
What sport does Mario Aguilar play?
What sport does Marko Vidović play?
What sport does Hwang Byung-ju play?
What sport does Mark Smalley play?
What sport does Michal Vacek play?
What sport does Colombian Cycling Federation play?
What sport does 1920–21 Northern Football League play?
What sport does Nelson Semperena play?
What sport does McPherson Meade play?
What sport does Université Nationale du Bénin FC play?
What sport does 2012 Uzbekistan First League play?
What sport does Nevio de Zordo play?
What sport does Wojciech Jarmuż play?
What sport does Ricardo Gónzalez Reinoso play?
What sport does Miroslav Milutinović play?
What sport does Best play?
What sport does Cassiá play?
What sport does Adrian Olah play?
What sport does José Diogo Macedo Silva play?
What sport does Christos Koutsospyros play?
What sport does Ademar Aparecido Xavier Júnior play?
What sport does George Douglas play?
What sport does Ernest Street play?
What sport does Juan Carlos Stauskas play?
What sport does 2011 Chatham Cup play?
What sport does Maltese Women's Cup play?
What sport does 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament play?
What sport does Timon Dobias play?
What sport does Mutanda Kwesele play?
What sport does Marc Herold Gracien play?
What sport does Barrie Aitchison play?
What sport does Oyanaisis Gelis play?
Who is the author of Afternoon?
Who is the author of Bed?
Who is the author of Watchers at the Strait Gate?
Who is the author of Bones?
Who is the author of Only Human?
Who is the author of Out of the Dark?
Who is the author of The National Dream?
Who is the author of Saints of Big Harbour?
Who is the author of Endpeace?
Who is the author of Turning On?
Who is the author of Something More?
Who is the author of The Romantic?
Who is the author of Buried Thunder?
Who is the author of Time Enough?
Who is the author of Operator?
Who is the author of Sail?
Who is the author of Fire?
Who is the author of Carnival of Souls?
Who is the author of Mannfolk?
Who is the author of Rage?
Who is the author of Kid?
Who is the author of It's Not an All Night Fair?
Who is the author of Heaven?
Who is the author of Conan the Valiant?
Who is the author of Darkvision?
Who is the author of Regeneration?
Who is the author of The Latimers?
Who is the author of Saint?
Who is the author of Nevis Mountain Dew?
Who is the author of World of Wonder?
Who is the author of Dancing on Coral?
Who is the author of New Keywords?
Who is the author of Getting Free?
Who is the author of Shooting Sean?
Who is the author of Looking Forward?
Who is the author of The World Before?
Who is the author of Martin?
Who is the author of The End of the Soul?
Who is the author of Western?
Who is the author of The Warriors of Spider?
Who is the author of Homecoming?
Who is the author of The Amazon?
Who is the author of O dia das calças roladas?
Who is the author of Visionseeker: Shared Wisdom from the Place of Refuge?
Who is the author of Out of This World?
Who is the author of Stand By Your Screen?
Who is the author of Sandy?
Who is the author of The Interior?
Who is the author of Memory?
Who is the author of Stations?
Who is the author of School for Coquettes?
Who is the author of Trust Me?
Who is the author of Recursion?
Who is the author of The Bishop's Heir?
Who is the author of Talent?
Who is the author of This Is It?
Who is the author of A Survey?
Who is the author of Skyscraper?
Who is the author of Shadow?
Who is the author of This?
Who is the author of Johnny, My Friend?
Who is the author of The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical?
Who is the author of Robots?
Who is the author of The Outdoor Survival Handbook?
Who is the author of Millennial Rites?
Who is the author of Shame?
Who is the author of The Burning?
Who is the author of Second Generation?
Who is the author of The Guard?
Who is the author of West?
Who is the author of Nuclear Alert?
Who is the author of Malvaloca?
Who is the author of Handles?
Who is the author of Shadow?
Who is the author of The Museum of Abandoned Secrets?
Who is the author of Responsibility?
Who is the author of Villa Amalia?
Who is the author of Zones?
Who is the author of Warrior?
Who is the author of Beyond?
Who is the author of The Other Place?
Who is the author of A Positive?
Who is the author of Down?
Who is the author of Max?
Who is the author of What You Make It?
Who is the author of Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I?
Who is the author of The Voice?
Who is the author of Follow The Music?
Who is the author of Time After Time?
Who is the author of Across Many Mountains?
Who is the author of Small Changes?
Who is the author of Alice?
Who is the author of Skin?
Who is the author of The Techniques of Democracy?
Who is the author of Death in Five Boxes?
Who is the author of The Wizard in Wonderland?
Who is the author of Transcension?
Who is the author of With Women?
Who is the author of Come On Over?
Who is the author of For a Living?
Who is the author of Page?
Who is the author of Dirt?
Who is the author of With?
Who is the author of Louis?
Who is the author of The Burning?
Who is the author of The Sword of Shibito?
Who is the author of Khubsurat Bala?
Who is the author of The Aware?
Who is the author of Pen?
Who is the author of Science-Fantasy Quintette?
Who is the author of Sin?
Who is the author of Weekend?
Who is the author of Empire?
Who is the author of The Empire?
Who is the author of One of the Family?
Who is the author of The Culture of Collaboration?
Who is the author of Old Money?
Who is the author of Abel?
Who is the author of Señor Saint?
Who is the author of Het uur tussen hond en wolf?
Who is the author of Eclipse?
Who is the author of The Valley?
Who is the author of Facing the Future?
Who is the author of The Squirrel Wife?
Who is the author of Moving Day?
Who is the author of Close to Home?
Who is the author of The Chaos Code?
Who is the author of August?
Who is the author of Kite?
Who is the author of America's Secret War?
Who is the author of Black?
Who is the author of The Test?
Who is the author of Darkness?
Who is the author of Chelsea on the Edge?
Who is the author of Men and Women?
Who is the author of One More Time?
Who is the author of Unknown?
Who is the author of Baby?
Who is the author of Time to Come?
Who is the author of Template?
Who is the author of American Dream, Global Nightmare?
Who is the author of Patience?
Who is the author of Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study?
Who is the author of Smoke?
Who is the author of The Great Perhaps?
Who is the author of The Universe Around Us?
Who is the author of Against the Odds?
Who is the author of Branches?
Who is the author of New York?
Who is the author of Challenge?
Who is the author of Dreams?
Who is the author of Bonaparte à Malte?
Who is the author of Nice People?
Who is the author of Falling?
Who is the author of Love All?
Who is the author of The Hero?
Who is the author of The Sun Chemist?
Who is the author of Lotte's Gift?
Who is the author of Collision?
Who is the author of Always?
Who is the author of The Economics and Ethics of Private Property?
Who is the author of The Every Boy?
Who is the author of The Middle Years?
Who is the author of Chaotic?
Who is the author of Embrace?
Who is the author of Resistance?
Who is the author of Into the Woods?
Who is the author of Pearl?
Who is the author of Just a Matter of Time?
Who is the author of Fruits?
Who is the author of Shift?
Who is the author of Federation?
Who is the author of Therapy?
Who is the author of Gowie Corby Plays Chicken?
Who is the author of Opus?
Who is the author of Jääpeili?
Who is the author of Prime Time?
Who is the author of Trust Territory?
Who is the author of Balance of Power?
Who is the author of Panic?
Who is the author of The Lie?
Who is the author of Skinner's Rules?
Who is the author of Visst katten har djuren själ!?
Who is the author of Let's Not?
Who is the author of Pursuit?
Who is the author of Incoming?
Who is the author of Conan, Lord of the Black River?
Who is the author of Beast?
Who is the author of Corridor?
Who is the author of Non?
Who is the author of Everything?
Who is the author of Find Me?
Who is the author of Partner?
Who is the author of The Ball?
Who is the author of Suicide?
Who is the author of Witt?
Who is the author of On the Road?
Who is the author of The Outing?
Who is the mother of Louis?
What is the capital of Ungheni County?
What is the capital of Gmina Secemin?
What is the capital of Yunguyo Province?
What is the capital of canton of Saint-Doulchard?
What is the capital of arrondissement of Castellane?
What is the capital of Sánchez Carrión Province?
What is the capital of Chiprovtsi Municipality?
What is the capital of canton of Antibes-Biot?
What is the capital of canton of Harnes?
What is the capital of Sal?
What is the capital of Kareličy District?
What is the capital of Kambarsky District?
What is the capital of Gmina Brzeszcze?
What is the capital of Tarussky District?
What is the capital of Gmina Czorsztyn?
What is the capital of Verbandsgemeinde Bad Ems?
What is the capital of canton of Gordes?
What is the capital of Gmina Andrespol?
What is the capital of Vozhegodsky District?
What is the capital of arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou?
What is the capital of arrondissement of Lannion?
What is the capital of canton of Mirambeau?
What is the capital of Saanen District?
What is the capital of Plaza?
What is the capital of arrondissement of Florac?
What is the capital of Yalutorovsky District?
What is the capital of Gmina Osiecznica?
What is the capital of Gmina Radomsko?
What is the capital of Gmina Babice?