A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.
Study says too many Americans still drink too much.
Viral image Says 80% of novel coronavirus cases are "mild.
An email says that 9-year old Craig Shergold of Carshalton, Great Britain is dying of Cancer.  As a dying wish, he wants to get into the Guinness Book of World Records by collecting the most greeting cards of anybody in history.  The email asks that the cards be sent to an address of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.  
Roche's schizophrenia drug misses goal in two late-stage trials.
Doctors end protest to demand flu vaccines for migrants.
New Chemo Drug May Benefit Some Breast Cancer Patients
Jury finding upends Bayer's Roundup defense strategy: experts.
The media covered up an incident in San Bernardino during which several Muslim men fired upon a number of Californian hikers.
The mayonnaise oozing from a chicken sandwich turned out to be pus from a tumor in the chicken.
Lawmakers consider spending, saving $128.5 million surplus.
A film producer claimed actor Kevin Spacey had "drugged and raped" Justin Bieber.
Public warned of possible measles exposure in Pennsylvania.
“While California is dying … Gavin (Newsom) is vacationing in Stevensville, MT!”
Britain backs GSK's gene therapy for 'bubble boy' syndrome.
Queen Elizabeth II wore a Burmese Ruby Tiara as a slight against U.S. President Donald Trump.
South Korea court strikes down abortion law in landmark ruling.
Houston reports 3 teens treated for vape-related lung issues.
Scientists look to stem cells to mend broken hearts
Study suggests a second LDL test
Scientists debate cause of dolphin deaths.
A lot of the problems with forest fires ... is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
United States President Donald Trump tweeted ""it is unbelievable that President Obama criticized me for the coronavirus response" and "he had 8 years to 'prepair' the next president for a pandemic and he failed.
Artificial Pancreas Continues to Show Promise
Obamacare "cuts seniors’ Medicare.
Evacuation plan 'out the window' when fire hit California town.
Treating First Time Shoulder Dislocations with Surgery Can Benefit Young Athletes, Study Shows
Novartis hopeful for novel heart drug, despite 'modest' benefit
People can fly with dogs, pot-bellied pigs, turkeys, monkeys, and miniature horses if they claim that their pets are emotional support animals.
Gabon president fires VP, forests minister over hardwood scandal.
Prince Harry joins Elton John to launch HIV campaign targeting men.
Suicide kills one person every 40 seconds, says WHO.
Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread.
Hospitals plan for 'COVID cabanas,' conference rooms to house patients.
Castration Drug Used as Autism Therapy
 A forwarded email that blames President Obama   for delays in the rescue of Richard Phillips, the captain of the ship   named the Maersk Alabama, which was taken over by pirates off the coast   of the African country of Somalia. It claims that Obama delayed the   deployment of Navy Seals by 36 hours and limited the rules of engagement   so the rescuers could not act unless Captain Phillips’ life was imminent   danger.      
A Time magazine cover from 1977 with the title “The Big Freeze” is an example of media fearmongering over  “global cooling” in the 1970s.
Wyoming QB Allen still day-to-day on injury.
Strobe lighting provides a flicker of hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s
Trump vows 'major' steps to aid U.S. economy amid coronavirus rise.
Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts.
Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border.
Indiana city in jeopardy of losing animal health business.
Suzanne Somers advocates ‘natural’ approach when treating menopause
Heparin recalled in France, Italy, Denmark: report.
Experimental Drug Raises Good Cholesterol Levels in Early Trial
One in 10 babies born in this country is born in Texas.
Too many people missing out on health benefits of golf, says expert panel
Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain.
A few drops of Visine brand eye drops taken internally will induce uncontrollable diarrhea.
FDA Approves Bayer's Kyleena™ (Levonorgestrel-Releasing Intrauterine System) 19.5 mg for Prevention of Pregnancy for up to Five Years
Nebraska Sen. Bolz to run for 1st Congressional District.
Charlie Crist Says Rick Scott signed "laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
UN: Nearly a half-billion in Asia-Pacific still going hungry.
New York hospital sends some 'borderline' COVID-19 patients home with oxygen monitors.
Fitness experts separate folklore from fact.
Donald Trump Says the USMCA is the “biggest trade deal ever made.”
Women in the United States are 50 percent more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes compared to their mothers.
Expert Panel Reaffirms Need for Colon Cancer Screen Beginning at Age 50
Okposo says he’s healthy after concussion put him in ICU.
To reverse damage of sitting, take a brisk, hour-long walk
Idaho officials say cat has rabies, first case in decades.
A teenage schoolgirl in Texas became pregnant through a flu vaccination.
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly)" is the "DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
2 Aussie wildfires merge into inferno; man seriously burned.
Lamont fills top public health, insurance agency jobs.
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
CVI: The impairment affecting children whose eyes are fine.
Leticia Van de Putte "voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care--not emergency health care but total free health care.
Immigration authorities are taking rosaries away from immigrants at the border.
Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
5 convicted in meningitis outbreak case; 1 acquitted.
A list compiles Andy Rooney's wry observations on a variety of topics.
“The flu killed 80,000 Americans last year according to the CDC.”
Taiwan's 'holy pig' festival cruel, says rights group.
An image shows reported cases of "flesh eating bacteria" in 2019.
Some grocery store receipts contain chemicals linked to infertility and hormone-related cancers.
FDA advisory panel backs Merck's blood clot-preventing drug.
Over a dozen arrests in SC following 4th Poor People’s Rally.
The Black Panther Party created the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program that provides supplemental food assistance to single mothers and their children.
A photograph shows a dead man whose unwitting co-workers arranged a "funny selfie," believing he was just sleeping.
Swiss police arrest "healer" accused of infecting 16 with HIV.
NASA and NOAA faked climate data in the GISTEMP global temperature record to exaggerate global warming. 
A photo shows Democratic U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi posing and smiling in front of a Trump 2020 sign.
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, "has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population.
Merck wins UK okay for Keytruda in lung cancer after price cut.
In the last six years of Cianci’s administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
Many younger U.S. adults skipping flu shots: report.
The FDA has updated its warnings for — and recommended limitations on — prescribing a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones, citing potentially irreversible side-effects including tendon damage and rupture.
The WHO coronavirus test “was a bad test.”
On September 18 2020, Twitter user @JohnCammo tweeted that President Trump's "October Surprise" would involve a positive test result.
On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
Tougher vaccine rules move forward in California.
Facebook post Says "there is no" COVID-19 virus.
Drug Policy Alliance Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
French breast implant boss arrested.
The Healthy Skeptic: Products make testosterone claims
Oregon 2nd-grader diagnosed with meningococcal meningitis.
Blood Test May Predict Rheumatoid Arthritis
'Female Viagra' gets mixed reviews
U.S. coronavirus supply spree sparks outrage among allies.
Facebook post Says businesses will give you free baby formula during the coronavirus outbreak.
The IRS is going to be "in charge" of "a huge national database" on health care that will include Americans’ "personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets.
Dr. Deborah Birx said at a press conference concerning testing for COVID-19 that "At $50 a test, it wasn’t enough to hire another technician to run the machine full-time. So at $100 a test, it is.
The real Hillary Clinton has been dead since 1998 and was replaced with a clone.
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law "their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
Humira Provides Effective, Non-Steroid Alternative for Eye Inflammation
HIV-positive basketball star Earvin "Magic" Johnson donated blood to patients with leukemia. 
Menopause 'hot flash' medicine could cut symptom by three quarters, trial shows
In February and March 2018, hundreds of Canadian doctors signed a petition asking for the cancellation of pay deals from which they would personally benefit.
Blood test may identify gestational diabetes risk in first trimester
U.S. ‘wasted’ months before preparing for virus pandemic.
An habitual alcohol abuser lost his penis to frostbite after a drunken sexual encounter with a snowman.
Ebola is real, Congo president tells skeptical population.
New breast cancer screening guidelines at odds with Congress
A video investigation showed that Planned Parenthood lies about providing prenatal care.
Wyeth Wins U.S. OK to Sell Pristiq for Depression.
Jury clears J&J of liability in New Jersey talc cancer case.
More women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than on any other day of the year.
An "abortion procedure is actually safer than a vasectomy.
Dick Black Says Jill McCabe "supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.
Donald Trump Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims "agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
In 2019, California education authorities formulated a policy that, if implemented, would force parents to allow their children to be taught that "there are 15 genders.
Trading tires: How the West fuels a waste crisis in Asia.
A Russian asbestos company placed a seal with the face of President Donald Trump on their product with the note "Approved by Donald Trump, 45th President of the United States.
A video shows the fluff of poplar trees burning across a field in Spain. 
US biologists eye unusual deaths of Alaska ice seals.
States look to lower drug costs, consider Canadian imports.
Malaysia vaccinating for polio after first case in 27 years .
Biogen's secret campaign to bring its Alzheimer's drug back from the ashes.
Officials worry about Nebraska children’s health care fund.
Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, "Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service.
The snakehead fish can survive on land. 
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
WWE wrestler Ric Flair was declared brain dead on 16 May 2019. 
Pulsed radiofrequency relieves acute back pain and sciatica
The government "knowingly" injected a birth defect-inducing vaccine into epidurals between 2010 and 2014 to hurt Black women
China reports one more H7N9 bird flu death.
A 31-year-old Cincinnati woman was taken to the hospital after the 14-month-old toddler she was babysitting got stuck in her vaginal cavity.
Johns Hopkins Hospital issued a "cancer update" detailing how cancer spreads and recommending methods for treating the disease.
Japan defends cautious approach on coronavirus testing amid concerns.
Claims of virgin births in U.S. near 1 percent: study.
Mobile clinics seen as way to cut U.S. health bill.
Chance the Rapper giving $1M to boost mental health services.
New nonprofit tackles COVID-19 in Native, rural communities.
VW ramps up China electric car factories, taking aim at Tesla.
Britain gives scientist go-ahead to genetically modify human embryos.
U.S. Representatives Rashid Tlaib and Ilhan Omar co-sponsored legislation to recognize Muslim holidays as federal holidays.
Donald Trump Jr. tweeted, "Do you know what's deplorable? Being impeached!" to the Clintons in September 2016.
New drugs show rare promise against advanced breast cancer.
House protects pizza as a vegetable.
Penn study: Pay patients to take their pills
Ken Paxton Says Barack Obama "acknowledged over 20 times" that his administration’s Deferred Action for Parents of Americans "immigration edict was a violation of law and the separation of powers.
Big Island hospital struck by outbreak of scabies.
Tuberculosis infection found at University of Mississippi.
The Affordable Care Act says that "at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. …  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age.
‘Critical moment’ for firms amid retirements, opioid crisis.
Eating more fish could prevent Parkinson's disease
Eleven states have banned the use of electronic cigarettes inside cars.
The coronavirus has seen a “big surge in New Zealand. It's terrible. We don't want that.
Shows a waitress saying, "I lost my job. But I'll sleep better knowing” that the coronavirus relief bill included funding for the Kennedy Center, refugee resettlement, PBS, and congressional salaries: “Thanks, Democrats”
A video shows two people waving guns at protesters in front of their home. 
Canadians worried by plan to let Americans import drugs.
Breast-Feeding Linked to Reduced Risk of Preemie Eye Problem
Robotic surgeries costlier but safer: study
On Syria, "a lot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
A photograph shows the Arch of Baal erected on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people.
Testosterone gel linked to heart problems.
Waste not, want not: P&G venture aims to squeeze new life out of Italy's dirty diapers.
Mike Pence Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
Ohio officials say tick-borne Lyme Disease still a threat.
Missouri faces vaccination hesitancy amid measles case.
Southeast Asian nations, among worst ocean polluters, aim to curb plastic debris.
The use of cellular phones poses a danger of touching off explosions at gas stations
Britain to complete plan next year to reach net zero transport emissions.
Senators: Double funding for universal flu vaccine research.
Jury awards more than $70M to woman in baby powder lawsuit.
Thailand reports new coronavirus death as total cases reach 1,245.
Democrats push new $3T coronavirus relief bill through House.
Students at Emory University were offered "emergency counseling" after pro-Trump graffiti appeared overnight in campus "safe spaces.
President Donald Trump has targeted the family of California Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León for deportation.
Massachusetts lawmakers weigh ‘Medicare for all’ bill.
Dr. Leon Eisenberg, the ‘father’ of ADHD, said just before his death that ADHD ‘is a prime example of a fictitious disease.’
The term "Black Friday" originated with the practice of selling off slaves on the day after Thanksgiving.
Judge considers Hammond Ranches grazing permit.
China to ban smoking at indoor public places.
Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
This Blood Test Could Help Predict If A Pregnancy Is At Risk For Premature Labor
US lawmaker opposes drilling permit work during shutdown.
Planned Parenthood funding in Texas at stake in hearing.
VA will provide in-home care for Iraq veteran.
 Hillary Clinton was forced to cancel a campaign event after a video showed her making lizard-like “bizarre eye movements” that prove she’s suffering the lingering effects of head trauma. 
Chondroitin of little help for arthritis, study says
Partial rather than full knee replacements better for many – report
French foie gras makers worry as bird flu spreads in Europe.
Arizona State Senate candidate Bobby Wilson fatally shot his mother in 1963.
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition" that could affect their health care coverage.
An increase in documented cases of people "scromiting" (screaming while vomiting) is linked to chronic heavy marijuana use.
 Pro-life activists say Girl Scout cookie sales benefit Planned Parenthood and have called for a boycott.  
Authorities in Kenya warned of a new outbreak of HPV that spreads through kissing and is deadlier than HIV/Aids.
FDA launching major anti-tobacco campaign aimed at youth.
There's a promising new HIV vaccine candidate in the pipeline
In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
Hillary Clinton threw a tantrum, and a water glass, after NBC's "Commander-in-Chief" Forum in September 2016.
Quarter of passengers on British cruise ship fall sick with norovirus.
Statins tied to lower risk of fatal prostate cancer
The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense.
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, "there were days where folks couldn't go outside. … because of all the pollution in the air.
Migraine drug could halve the length of attacks, study shows
Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country.
Ed Garvey Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
Cancer risk seen with J&J foot gel: FDA.
The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care.
Nestle recalls batch of Alfamino infant formula in Germany.
US OKs Medicaid funds for large mental health facilities.
“The NFL agreed to give the domestic terror group, BLM, 250 million dollars.”
China heads into Lunar New Year on shutdown as virus spreads to Europe.
  The story of a jazz             musician named Tommy who went through a personal tragedy that led to             his writing the song “Precious Lord Take My Hand.”             He was Tommy Dorsey, the great trombonist and band leader.    
 A letter by Dr. Keith Albow said President Trump is “stone cold sane” and that “there’s a genius in the Oval Office” in response to critics who have questioned the president’s mental fitness. 
Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years.
 A warning about a chemical   called benzene that is linked to cancer such as leukemia .  The   warning says that benzene can build up inside parked automobiles and   suggests that drivers roll down   their windows to ventilate the car’s interior prior to switching on   the air conditioner.      
Women who quit hormone therapy still live with cancer risk
World must prepare for inevitable next flu pandemic, WHO says.
300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance" as a result of Obamacare.
The state of California ignored structural issues with the Oroville dam and paid for programs to benefit undocumented people instead.
In 2013," Dan Patrick voted "against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free.
Gene therapy shown to destroy leukemia tumors
Heart scans tied to “evidence-free” treatment: study
Of the top five cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. … We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
Today’s marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
Pedestrian finds baby alive in bag along Indiana roadway.
Flashing night-lights may help lessen jet lag, circadian problems
Burundi kicks out top WHO official in country ahead of vote.
Cavs’ Love discloses bouts with panic attacks, mental health.
Tests show King Tut died from malaria, study says.
NH to apply for Medicaid waiver on mental health treatment.
Colorado pot campaigner seeks 'sanctuary' status for mountain town.
Steve Scalise Says Ady Barkan asked Joe Biden, “Do we agree that we can redirect some of the funding for police?”
Geron shares fall after cancer drug study update.
Taiwan's carrot-and-stick approach to virus fight wins praise, but strains showing.
 Doors frontman Jim Morrison has been found alive in Paris more than 45 years after he supposedly died there. 
Michigan native set to become state’s new state veterinarian.
If you have a runny nose and sputum, you have a common cold, not Covid-19.
FDA gives fast track status to AstraZeneca's diabetes drug Farxiga.
U.S. McDonald's to put calorie counts in lights.
Statin Drugs May Cut Risk of Kidney Trouble After Surgery
A year on, Indian anti-Vedanta protesters say still await justice.
Choose Omega-3s from fish over flax for cancer prevention, study finds
Study: Stroke deaths higher where fried fish aplenty
Blue-green algae (known scientifically as cyanobacteria) are capable of poisoning dogs and other pets. 
As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
China's blood donations dry up as coronavirus outbreak quells giving.
Stem Cell Research: The Quest Resumes
Judge blocks NY ban on flavored vaping products.
Wisconsin woman to celebrate 100th birthday.
Eating watermelon could lower your blood pressure
Concussions in kids are detectable by blood test
More cases of rabies in skunks confirmed in Detroit area.
There’s not one public study, and by public study I mean a study available to the public, that has looked at using the product Kaput to poison feral hogs.
President Barack Obama "said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority" to act as he did on immigration.
FDA approves irritable bowel drug.
Certain diabetes drugs found to double bone fracture risk in women
“The CDC may have to stop calling COVID-19 an ‘epidemic’ due to a remarkably low death rate.”
President Obama was arrested in Japan in connection with the seizure of massive amounts of cocaine on his yacht.
Medicare 5-year cancer bill tops $21.1 bln: study.
Hospital closings hit hard on the edge of the Rust Belt.
Phyllis Schlafly Says broken compact fluorescent light bulbs "allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks.
The school shooting rate in non-Christian Japan is vastly lower than that of mostly Christian Texas.
Rhode Island law aims to prevent suicides at public colleges.
Panel recommends pneumonia vaccine for adult smokers
Promise of faster, more accessible schizophrenia diagnosis, Rutgers study shows
In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
Folic acid tied to better grades in Swedish teens
“Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.”
In the House Republican health care bill, "we’re expanding women’s access to health services by redirecting Planned Parenthood dollars to community health centers, which vastly outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics.
Older emphysema drug linked to heart deaths.
Statistics demonstrate that crime rates in Australia have increased substantially since the government there instituted a gun buy-back program in 1997.
Health officials in Omaha confirm 2 pediatric flu deaths.
We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent.
Five-minute neck scan can spot dementia 10 years earlier, say scientists
After discovering a doomsday asteroid was approaching Earth, world leaders created the COVID-19 pandemic in an effort to distract the world population and force everyone to spend time with their families during Earth's final days. 
Weighing effectiveness versus risk in obesity drugs
Brain-dead Canadian woman kept on life support to save fetus.
The Simpsons" television show predicted the fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in France in April 2019. 
During the 2005 fight over Social Security, "there were noisy demonstrations — but they were outside the events," and opponents were "not disruptive — crowds booed lines they didn’t like, but that was about it.
Erdogan says Turkey will overcome coronavirus in two-three weeks; school closures extended.
A woman sought medical help to remove a deer tongue she had used for self-pleasuring purposes.
Trump backs Fla. plan to import lower-cost meds from abroad.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Says Gov. Rick Scott "cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the state’s mosquito research lab a few years ago.
Kirk Watson Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
Airlines rush to boost demand as coronavirus shreds playbook for crisis management.
'What choice do I have?' Lock-down strands millions in China's Wuhan.
  A photo shows a weasel riding on the back of a woodpecker in flight.   
During wartime, the Seal of the President of the United States is modified so that the eagle's head faces the opposite direction.
New study: The flu vaccine is 'significantly associated' with an increased risk of coronavirus
UK Supreme Court hears attempt to change Northern Ireland abortion law.
A Texas girl required surgery after she swallowed part of a fidget spinner while cleaning it.
Releasing inmates, screening staff: U.S. jails and prisons rush to limit virus risks.
Five minutes in the green can boost self esteem.
Pediatrics group backs bill to allow minors to seek vaccines.
Dutch teen author Noa Pothoven was voluntarily euthanized.
Human virus linked to mountain gorilla deaths.
Hilary Rosen Says Chris Christie "vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
Program Cut Catheter-Associated Urinary Tract Infections
New Mexico land boss concerned about border wall work.
Chronic wasting disease found in buck on Winona County farm.
Christine Blasey Ford committed perjury by identifying herself as a 'research psychologist' in her Senate committee testimony.
In an impoverished Chilean suburb, a recycling drive flourishes.
Tests of New AIDS Gel Show Promise for Women.
Aspirin Linked to Lower Pancreatic Cancer Risk
U.S. Panel Questions Prostate Screening
In January 2017, Dr. Anthony Fauci predicted a serious pandemic during U.S. President Donald Trump's tenure in office.
China agrees to WHO sending experts to study virus.
How barbershops could help lower blood pressure
Connecticut confirms 4th case of measles.
 Opossums stop the spread of Lyme disease because they kill up to 4,000 ticks a week. 
The 1866 "Ex parte Milligan" precludes states from enforcing regulations that prevent residents from freely traveling or earning a living.
Cortisol levels in children's hair may reveal future mental health risk
China seeks to identify cause of mystery pneumonia infecting 44.
North Dakota governor says controlling hotspot is weeks away.
The European Union ordered reporters to not reporting whether a terrorist is Muslim.
Some Doctors Question New Cancer Treatment
Florida’s hepatitis A outbreak prompts vaccine push.
Individuals with a high net worth are ineligible to serve in the military because they are more likely to be insubordinate.
Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the world's largest abortion clinic.
Researcher Judy Mikovits was arrested without a warrant and jailed without charges for making a controversial scientific discovery.
Utah investigates 21 cases of lung disease linked to vaping.
The novel coronavirus was “man-made.”
High ambitions: Uruguay cannabis firm targets booming global market for medical marijuana.
House Bill 330 "grants immunity from liability to motorists who strike protesters.
Viscosupplementation Recommended For Appropriate Patients with Knee Osteoarthritis
A Japanese man was found dead months after being crushed by huge pile of pornography.
The family of Anne Frank sought (and was denied) refugee status in the United States.
An official Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) badge page used badge number "14188" as its example (later deleted).
Scientists grow viable vaginas from girls' own cells.
Newport developed marijuana cigarettes which will be available for purchase "next year.
Mammograms Save Lives for Women in Their 40s, Study Says
Covfefe" means something, anything.
Health care systems to get $5.5M to prepare for emergencies.
Cristina Higgins authored a personal account about the spread of COVID-19 in Italy. 
Facebook post Says series of 11 photos are “from the 1918 flu pandemic.”
Proposal for Lyme prevention included in appropriations deal.
New hearts forge new friendship for transplant recipients.
Group pushes to end plastic foam use in schools.
Ted Cruz Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is "terrific and that it should keep taxpayer funding.
500,000 U.S. troops came home from Iraq and Afghanistan "with PTSD and traumatic brain injury.
Planned Parenthood: States should oppose Trump ‘gag rule’.
Virginia has “lagged behind other states when it comes to (covid-19) testing.”
Merck KGaA, Pfizer's immuno-drug shown to alleviate kidney cancer
Drugs may make stents deadly, study says
An inaudible sonic weapon adequately explains the range of symptoms experienced by diplomats suffering from “health attacks” in Cuba.
We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
Stay-at-home orders “actually are the law of these states.”
Virginia psychiatric hospitals run short on open beds.
African-Americans don't use drugs at a higher level than whites but "wind up going to prison six times more.
More support for osteoporosis drugs
The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
Wells Fargo and Chase are invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Coca-Cola is an effective contraceptive.
New Ebola case in Congo, days before outbreak’s expected end.
“President Trump has banned welfare for illegal immigrants which will save $57.4 billion a year.”
Ben Carson Says he "didn’t have an involvement with" nutritional supplement company Mannatech.
US regulators OK updated version of decades-old antibiotic.
New Therapy for Enlarged Prostate May Bypass Unpleasant Side Effects
Hate daylight saving time? You may have a point, researchers say.
Novartis's new treatment for hives outperforms Xolair in trials.
Although Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp "opened" the state, his mansion remained closed for tours during the COVID-19 pandemic.
O’Rourke offers blue vision for red Texas during Nelson show.
Cannabis Derivative Cannabidiol Reduces Seizures in Severe Epilepsy Disorder
Test may help predict colon cancer recurrence risk
Indonesian doctor's death exposes heartbreaking risks of coronavirus battle.
A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia "would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.
Thailand closes more public facilities as coronavirus cases top 1,100.
Current expenditures could likely cover the estimated costs of Medicare for All.
Compound May Fight Hard-to-Treat Lung Cancer
Chicago receives $6.7M to help people living with HIV/AIDS.
Kentucky reports 4 adults have died of the flu this season.
Minnesota bets fiscal future on osteopathic medical school.
 A woman became pregnant from being struck by a bullet that had passed through the scrotum of a Civil War soldier.
Event 201 “gave out stuffed souvenir coronavirus toys” to “commemorate” Novel coronavirus outbreak
Health officials have seen a surge in the number of people using "bug spray" to get high.
John O'Bannon Says "some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit.
Miscellany Blue Says a "lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for ‘cutting children into small pieces.’
Aveo Oncology to end breast cancer study due to low enrollment.
Hillary Clinton Says she "called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight" early on in the financial crisis.
North Carolina fair bans mist fans as health measure.
For a full-body workout, drumming is the novelty to beat.
The GOP health bill "would once again allow being a rape or domestic violence victim to be a pre-existing condition.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
“The flu killed 80,000 people in the U.S. last year”
Therapy animals are everywhere. Proof that they help is not.
Trio wins chemistry Nobel for work on antibody drugs, smart enzymes.
UCB urges stronger warning on cough medicine.
Oregon Health Authority Says that in 2007, "Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data.
Alissa Keny-Guyer Says "in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested" for HIV.
Utah home-birth rate is double the US average, report says.
California rejects unique intersex surgery ban for some kids.
Nobel for quantum "parlour trick" that could make super computers.
Princeton revising polices over mental health disabilities.
According to (Barack) Obama’s newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government," which is "then used as justification for gun confiscation.
Mike Coffman Says state Sen. Morgan Carroll's votes made "it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first.
Baby illness can be scanned in mother's blood: study.
Sen. Harry Reid voted "against declaring English our national language, twice.
Women "are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas.
Facebook post Says Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, George Soros and Jeffrey Epstein are connected with Moderna, Inc., and its efforts to create the coronavirus vaccine.
NJ targets pollution in poorer areas with 6 lawsuits.
Studies have demonstrated that cooking with aluminum foil can result in the ingestion of aluminum, which is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease.
Philippines to cull 200,000 fowl after bird flu outbreak.
Drug for refractory psoriatic arthritis shows promise in clinical trial
Lawmakers ready for ‘fast and furious’ session.
France struggling to curb rate of coronavirus pandemic, health official says.
Zambia says new cases dropping in deadly cholera outbreak.
Aid groups descend on Indonesia quake zone; deaths reach 102.
Dominican hospital under scrutiny after 14 newborns die.
The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota" under Gov. Scott Walker’s policies.
Apple has reopened all 42 China stores.
Turkey will hire more medics, stop exporting face masks: minister.
Rick Perry Says President Barack Obama’s overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used "to fund abortion all over the world.
A driver in Las Vegas shouted "Allahu Akbar" as she deliberately struck multiple pedestrians with her vehicle, and police have been instructed to suppress that detail of the story.
Global spa, wellness industry estimated at $3.4 trillion: report.
US experts reviewing low-carb, other diets for guidelines.
Missouri physicians warn against bug-borne diseases.
United States health care facilities face an intravenous bag shortage because of the devastation wreaked by Hurricane Maria in September 2017.
Wisconsin bill "grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products.
I’ll Take a Sperm Test, to Go: First at-Home Male-Infertility Test Debuts
Nursing home with most virus deaths fined $10K a day.
The Cutting Edge: Robotic Surgery, Today!
Researchers identify CTE biomarker that may lead to diagnosis while alive
 The Village of Deerfield, Illinois, has approved an ordinance banning the possession of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. 
“Only 6% of the people actually died from COVID.” The others “died from other reasons.”
Facebook post Says a warning label on a box of disposable masks shows that they are ineffective at protecting against the spread of COVID-19.
New Blood Test May Rule Out Heart Attacks More Quickly
Spanking kids can cause long-term harm: Canada study.
“On February 7, the WHO warned about the limited stock of PPE. That same day, the Trump administration announced it was sending 18 tons of masks, gowns and respirators to China.”
NFL suspends Patriots’ Gordon for substance abuse violation.
Broccoli May Slow or Reverse Some Atherosclerosis
New adult behavioral health unit opens in northern Arkansas.
California lawmakers want to repeal HIV criminalization laws.
More (people) die from indoor air pollution than from malaria, HIV/AIDS and TB combined.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is ordering that all deaths no matter the cause be counted as COVID-19 deaths via a new ICD code.
Disability rights advocates sue Montana over Medicaid cuts.
Singer and actress Demi Lovato passed away in August 2018.
Genes offer predictions on leukemia
Foster care, mental health, guns on DeWine’s 2020 agenda.
11-year-old shares her story battling cancer with classmates.
Peru's giant jungle fish hooks conscientious gourmets.
The Swedish parliament rejected seven proposals in May 2017 establishing a mandatory vaccination program, enacting a ban on the practice.
Somali Muslim refugees "took over" the small town of Shelbyville, Tennessee and targeted local Christians with "violent Islamic crimes".
Crossroads GPS Says Joe Sestak "voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors" and jeopardizing "access to care for millions.
UK faces new legal action over air quality.
The senate voted 51-48 to repeal the Affordable Care Act on 12 January 2017.
Colonoscopies Miss Many Cancers, Study Finds
UK authorities release confiscated cannabis after boy hospitalized.
Probe into fatal Australia bushfire plane crash complicated by dangers.
Heart Device Cuts Death Rate
Nicotine Replacement Treatments May Not Work Long-Term
Health officials report third vaping-related death in Texas .
Liberals" want to change the name of Cracker Barrel to "Caucasian Barrel" because otherwise it's racist.
Development of a wearable medical device for type 2 diabetes
Massachusetts Senate to debate prescription drug price bill.
A video shows a sick, possibly starving polar bear on Baffin Island in the Canadian Arctic.
Inspired by Greta Thunberg, worldwide protest demands climate action.
Lava gushes from volcano near Manila; tens of thousands flee.
Group launches plan to improve behavioral care access.
There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year.
India allows limited exports of anti-malaria drug after Trump warns of retaliation.
“if your child gets this virus their going to hospital alone in a van with people they don’t know...to be with people they don’t know… you will be at home without them in their time of need.”
Italy has concluded Covid-19 is not a virus, and people are actually dying of amplified global 5G electromagnetic radiation poisoning.
Rick Perry Says he "got lobbied" by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
Report: 20-somethings can go 2 years between Paps
Greece quarantines second migrant camp after COVID-19 case confirmed.
Starving prostate cancer with what you eat for dinner
Cracking the mysteries of the elusive, majestic whale shark.
Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama.
After prohibition ended, police deaths didn't reach 200 a year again until the year Nixon declared war on drugs.
A photograph shows Dr. Anthony Fauci at a baseball game with his mask lowered below his mouth. 
First test of anti-epilepsy surgeries in children shows dramatic benefit
Texas IDs cancer cluster in polluted Houston neighborhood.
Love bugs" are the result of a genetic experiment gone wrong at the University of Florida.
Canada faces 'critical week' in coronavirus crisis, death toll jumps.
An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget "exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
Shots for food workers urged in 2 West Virginia counties.
Georgia shelter quarantines dog area for parvovirus.
Stephen Hawking's thesis and wheelchair sell for $1 million.
Arkansas Colleges of Health Education celebrates 5 years.
Recipe winners dine on brussels sprouts, smoothies at White House.
Death is listed as a side effect of the MMR vaccine.
Jury clears J&J of liability in California talc cancer case.
Mozambique to start cholera vaccinations next week after cyclone.
No vaping ban U-turn, says Indian official, as protests fizzle.
Technology helps China brace for population growth.
The University of Louisville Hospital confirmed the deaths of 16 people from a rare strain of the "HR3211 virus.
As the United States government tried to negotiate a response to a novel coronavirus strain, cost issues temporarily stalled passing a bill approving roughly $8 billion in emergency funding.
Pfizer pulls Lipitor ads with heart expert Jarvik.
The web site Genpets.com sells mass-produced, bioengineered pets.
Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell once posted to his Instagram profile an artist's rendering of a hooded man cutting the throat of a police officer.
U.S. men less likely to heed health warnings as coronavirus death toll mounts: Reuters Poll.
Washington state deals blow to plan for coal export terminal.
 A report of a 7-year-old girl who got breast implants has stirred controversy. 
Images shared in March 2020 showed a convoy of military trucks transporting bodies away from an over-subscribed crematorium in Bergamo, Italy.
12 Minutes of Yoga for Better Bone Health
Complacency a concern as AIDS treatment improves in Africa.
Data suggests opioid-related overdose deaths in Alaska down.
Oregano, Thyme May Hold the Cure for Wasting Syndrome Disease
Lose weight with skin cream? Fat chance, says U.S. govt.
San Antonio has seen "67% growth" in water customers "in the last 25 years, 0% more water used.
Hal Turner Radio Show Says the coronavirus is “a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.”
Hard questions about chemo
Gene test could spare women from unnecessary radiation
Gov. Kelly:  Kansas psychiatric hospital unit needs changes.
Jay Hottinger Says Wendy’s founder "Dave Thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax.
Utah bans abortions after 18 weeks, teeing up legal showdown.
Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.
A form of strep infection is capable of affecting the nasal cavity and face.
Image of an anti-Semitic sign ("the real plague") was captured at a COVID-19 anti-lockdown protest in Ohio in April 2020.
Chris Sununu Says drug dealers have "overdosed on purpose" to avoid prosecution.
The Obama administration left Trump with a “stockpile with a cupboard that was bare.”
Flashing your car's high beams at a traffic signal will cause it to change from red to green more quickly.
The federal government is “preparing to mobilize the national guard,” “dispatch them across the US with military” and “announce a nationwide 1 week quarantine for all citizens.”
A new Arkansas law allows rapists to sue their victims to stop an abortion.
Image of a COVID-19 anti-lockdown protester's sign calling to re-open "Pennslvania" and referencing "we the peaple" is not doctored or altered in any way.
An anti-seat belt law advocate was killed in automobile accident.
House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
Wikileaks documents reveal Hillary Clinton was gravely injured in a plane crash during a secret mission to Iran in 2012.
“Smoking in cars with children is illegal starting January 30, 2018.”
Stem Cell Injection May Soon Reverse Vision Loss Caused By Age-Related Macular Degeneration
A national four-week quarantine will start on April 1 2020, affecting the entire population of the United States.
Author J.K. Rowling promoted a website selling transphobic merchandise.
Facebook post Says news stories referencing 322 and COVID-19 are proof cases are being “synchronized”
3 Nebraska Medicaid providers honored for serving patients.
The reaction between metallic mercury and aluminum, which produces a dramatic chain reaction popular on YouTube science channels, is evidence that vaccines are not safe.
In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether it’s going to be funded in" years to come.
10 people treated after chemical spill in science building.
Experimental treatment helps 2 out of 3 peanut allergy sufferers, study finds
Mending broken sleep: Sleep apnea, the dangerous cessation of breathing during sleep, is being diagnosed more and more. A simple machine can bring refreshing relief
Study Finds More Isn't Better for Roche Breast Cancer Drug
A tourist's unfortunate bout of stomach upset on a Spanish roller coaster splashed liquid fecal matter on other customers.
Mainland China sees rise in new coronavirus cases.
Australian euthanasia law loses by single parliament vote.
A New Therapy May Cure Kids of Peanut Allergy
Preventive care does not save the government money.
The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.
China sends medical supplies, experts to help Italy battle coronavirus.
A morgue worker was accidentally cremated while napping or pretending to be dead.
Mexico ambassador resigns after book theft allegation.
Chicago residents use kits to test for lead contamination.
Spain overtakes Italy in coronavirus cases, death rate slows.
Brazil's mothers left to raise microcephaly babies alone.
Ohio county to distribute bags that deactivate drugs.
A nurse employed in a Zambian hospital swapped nearly 5,000 babies at birth and gave them to the "wrong" parents.
Alabama Sen. Doug Jones calls new abortion ban ‘shameful’.
Nurse’s kidney donation triggers bi-state transplant chain.
Breast-cancer study questions lymph node removal
 Warnings that Mcafee or Norton has identified the most destructive computer virus ever disguised as a Hallmark postcard email with the subject line “A Card for You,” “Virtual Card for You,” “Postcard” or a “Postcard from Hallmark” have been circulating for years. 
Georgia board starts work on medical marijuana rules .
Hyperbaric oxygen: The mysterious therapy that saved a cancer survivor from radiation side effects
Reducing Radiation Successfully Treats HPV-Positive Oropharynx Cancers and Minimizes Side Effects
China toddler fights fat in land of little emperors.
California has seen a "56 percent decline in the gun murder rate" since the 1990s.
A video shows Londoners expressing support for the US President, following a June 2017 terrorist attack in the city
Kyleen Wright Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
Teenage environmental activist Greta Thunberg is actually an Australian actress named Estella Renee. 
 Keanu Reeves supposedly wrote an inspiring open letter about life and loss that has gone viral online. 
Influenza now in all Maine counties; considered widespread.
Rolex sales records are so well-kept that they were used to solve an open homicide.
 Pope Francis bestowed the Pontifical Medal upon Lilianne Ploumen, a Dutch pro-abortion activist. 
Tuberculosis outbreak associated with Mankato university.
The U.S. has had 143 criminal convictions for absentee-ballot fraud (or .0006% of the total vote) over the past 20 years. 
Ecstasy could be ‘breakthrough’ therapy for soldiers, others suffering from PTSD
Chelation based on faulty premise
Global coronavirus death toll hits 150,000: Reuters tally.
Facebook post Says Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said, “We have lost control, we have killed the epidemic physically and mentally. Can’t understand what more we can do, all solutions are exhausted on ground. Our only hope remains up in the Sky, God rescue your people.”
GOP senators from NC come out against Trump EPA nominee.
The death from influenza of eight mostly vaccinated people over 65 in California's Santa Barbara County during the 2017-2018 flu season proves that you shouldn’t get the flu shot.
On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
Facebook post Says the governors of Michigan, New York and Nevada “have issued orders banning the prescription of hydroxychloroquine to patients with COVID-19.”
Ruling leaves Ohio ban on Down syndrome abortions on hold.
As millions vape, e-cigarette researchers count puffs, scour Facebook.
Zambia records first coronavirus death.
A female mortuary worker was arrested after becoming pregnant by one of the corpses she was preparing for burial.
The test that reveals cancer sooner
Walmart, Amazon, Kroger, Target and Costco “have not had any reported (coronavirus) cases in the news.”
The World Health Organization has listed being single as a disability under their definition of infertility.
Abortion services are "well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.
Pfizer: New cancer pill gives hope, new strategy
Scramble for masks as Italian region orders coronavirus cover-up.
Trump’s cuts to Medicare hospital payments trigger an outcry.
Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies" but want to cut food stamps.
Hundreds of Americans flown home from cruise ship, 14 with coronavirus.
In July 2020, U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said "only" .02% of the country's K-12 school students — totaling 14,740 children and teens — are likely to die from COVID-19 when and if schools fully reopen.
Beached boats, pink water as drought saps Great Salt Lake.
 A meme claiming that tilapia is a “mutant” fish that’s unsafe to eat combines a number of long-running warnings about the fish. 
Images show a genuine Antifa manual created and distributed by the anti-fascist group.
GSK builds oncology pipeline as drug shown to help myeloma patients.
This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasn’t taken any money from the government. They don’t want any money from the government.
Recently-arrived asylum seekers are perpetrating the majority of crime in Sweden.
Final trial results confirm Ebola vaccine provides high protection against disease
Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had "52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation" and "revenues were at an all-time high in 2007.
Pelosi offers Medicare negotiation plan to curb drug prices.
Indonesia green group calls for probe into death of activist.
A viral social media post in January 2020 represented an authentic, accurate "health bulletin" about the new coronavirus outbreak from an official public health authority.
Officials release edited coronavirus reopening guidance.
Ted Cruz Says Democrats are embracing “abortion up until the moment of birth and even, horrifically, after that.”
Nebraska state officials say prison conditions have improved.
President Donald Trump “immediately discontinued” an aid program to Central America. 
Nearly all ships operated by U.S.-headquartered cruise lines are registered in foreign countries.
Rihanna's Instagram message to followers to throw away the Snapchat app caused the company's share value to fall by hundreds of millions of dollars in one day.
Coronavirus forces U.S. churches to offer Easter Sunday services unlike any before.
Drug may delay high blood pressure in some
A list of chemicals, written as if they were ingredients on a food label, accurately depicts the chemical composition of a banana. 
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren said or argued to the effect that "taxpayers must fund sex reassignment surgery.
Too many" tattoos "on visible body parts" keep some applicants out of the military.
Former Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was hospitalized in New York after being beaten by a group of "liberals.
Vitamin D3 Might Ease Menstrual Cramps
Ebola Vaccines Show Promise in New Study
EPA watchdog: Health monitoring after Harvey was lacking.
West Virginia women have chance for sweep in US House races.
Italy “went against the WHO's ‘law’” against COVID-19 autopsies and “discovered covid is not a virus, but a bacterium” that “clots the blood and reduces the oxygen saturation.”
Increasing numbers of vaccines are associated with increasing rates of autism.
Nancy Mace Says Kamala Harris “advocated for restoring voting rights for the Boston bomber.”
A video shows a bolt of lightning striking a river, sparking a large explosion.
California bill would create health care price controls.
'Universal' blood test for earlier diagnosis of cancer moves closer to market
Oxford professor of Islamic studies Tariq Ramadan said "we are here to colonize the U.S. and Canada" with Sharia law.
In 2019, a U.S. District Court judge ruled that girls in an Illinois school district "must shower with boys" and had no right to privacy.
New drug ‘may turn back the clock on heart disease’
Illegal immigrants were arrested for starting the October 2017 California wildfires.
Donald Trump violated Palm Beach ordinances by putting up an outsized U.S. flag and pole, then donating the money he was fined to veterans' organizations.
Photograph shows a KKK member being treated by an all-black emergency room staff.
Edith Jones, who integrated southern medical schools, dies.
Alzheimer’s May Show Up in Saliva
Italy's coronavirus deaths surge as Lombardy seeks tougher curbs.
A coronavirus-related health advisory graphic issued by the World Health Organization warned against unprotected sex with farm animals.
Anti-Gravity Treadmill helps injured get moving again
London bans junk food ads on public transport to fight child obesity.
Knee Braces Ease Osteoarthritis Pain
Tokyo hospital trainees test positive for coronavirus after party.
Spooked by Modi's plastics ban, India Inc seeks clarity, exemptions.
While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
For Cold Virus, Zinc May Edge Out Even Chicken Soup
Bill Gates is quoted in the February 1997 issue of George magazine as saying an "over-populated planet" would be "choked to extinction by a lung-attacking virus.
Three additives in peanut butter cups, soy lecithin, PGPR, and TBHQ, are inherently dangerous and should be avoided.
A notorious pedophile was killed by a mother who blew his head off with a shotgun when he tried to rape her 12-year-old child.
New Portable Scanner for Breast Cancer
Nanoparticles loaded with component of common spice kill cancer cells
North Carolina ultrasound abortion law ruled illegal by judge.
There’s a “direct correlation” between North Carolina’s mask requirement and COVID-19 stabilization.
$3 trillion for federal coronavirus stimulus packages is "being borrowed basically from China.
Counterfeit masks reaching frontline health workers in US.
Olympics construction worker dies as Tokyo swelters, heatstroke suspected.
Facebook post Says truck drivers are being turned away from fast-food restaurants during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Suicides rise and fall with economy: CDC report.
Bald eagle died of lead poisoning in Montana’s Glacier Park.
Roseanne Barr posed as Hitler for an issue of satirical Jewish magazine 'Heeb.'
Georgia deploys 3D printers, Guard units in testing scramble.
Patients push limits for clues to chronic fatigue syndrome.
Mississippi chicken plant Koch Foods, which was raided by ICE in August 2019, was the subject of a previous lawsuit brought by workers and was subsequently ordered to pay a settlement.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Jordan's King Abdullah II murdered his wife, Queen Rania.
Indonesia says avoid coast near volcano, fearing new tsunami.
Michael Kors uses fur from dogs that were skinned alive in manufacturing the brand's products.
A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it "so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
Boy, 9, is 1st French death from likely COVID-linked illness.
Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government.
The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
Spain's coronavirus deaths rise above 10,000, yet there is 'glimpse of hope'.
Pre and Post Testing Show Reversal of Memory Loss From Alzheimer’s Disease in Ten Patients
GOP senators blink on a big chance to repeal ‘Obamacare’.
 It’s common around Christmas time for people to warn one another             about the alleged toxicity of poinsettias.    
Congo’s Ebola outbreak poses challenges for bush meat.
Survey finds many ticks carry disease in North Dakota.
The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year.
Donald Trump owned stock in Thermo-Fisher Scientific at a time when his presidential administration was advocating for a COVID-19 test that uses Thermo-Fisher equipment.
‘Hippie’ island off Seattle sees shift in low vaccine rate.
Health officials disclose another romaine outbreak, now over.
Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals.
  A polio vaccination campaign headed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in India led to 47,500 cases of paralysis. 
Death toll from acute encephalitis in east Indian town rises to 129 children.
Drinking untreated spring water, marketed as "raw water," provides health benefits because they are "probiotic.
Special Report: Italy and South Korea virus outbreaks reveal disparity in deaths and tactics.
JUULing, or use of a JUUL e-cigarette, has caused cancer in four students.
Heart Association's Stroke Guidelines Support Clot-Removing Device If clot-busting drugs don't work, device can be used to pull the blockage out through the artery
Al Jazeera reporter Kimberly Halkett called White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany a "lying bitch" during a press briefing.
New York state has legalized heroin.
Researchers Develop Simple Paper Test That Quickly Diagnoses Illnesses by Changing Colour
A Johns Hopkins scientist issued a "blistering report" on flu vaccine dangers in the British Medical Journal.
Lawsuit filed against county mental health agency.
U.S. doctors on coronavirus frontline seek protection from malpractice suits.
Massachusetts’ ban on vaping product sales allowed to stand.
Afghan capital’s air pollution may be even deadlier than war.
Anti-abortion groups are claiming every sperm cell is "a life.
Biogen multiple sclerosis drug Tecfidera wins European approval.
Blogger Says the Vatican reports that Pope Francis tested negative for the coronavirus before a second test came back positive.
Landmark clinical trial shows gene-targeted drug can treat prostate cancer
Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) is no more dangerous than the common cold, and it's being blown out of proportion to make the President of the United States look bad.
Most U.S. doctors fail to discuss alcohol with patients: study.
Critics gear up for response to lease sale in Arctic refuge.
A video shows a piece of 5G equipment with "COV-19" inscribed on it. 
Gene therapy raises hope for a future AIDS cure
Wichita man to bike 1,000 miles to honor daughter’s death.
London's Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan banned images of "sexy" women because they're offensive to Islam.
I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
A Facebook post is correct in saying N95 masks, surgical masks, and cloth masks can be dangerous and/or ineffective in protecting against the spread of COVID-19 based on CDC and U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) guidelines. 
US Sen. Reed wants to shorten the suicide prevention hotline.
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted in November 2009 that "Obama's handling of this whole pandemic has been terrible!" and that he "would never let thousands of Americans die from a pandemic while in office.
       Kayla Mueller, the 26-year-old woman who died while being held hostage   by the Islamic State terrorist group, “deserves no tears” because she   supported terrorist groups.       
South Korea expands poultry cull on bird flu fears.
300,000 pounds of rat meat sold as chicken wings across America.
Italy's coronavirus death toll climbs by 578, new cases continue to slow.
Missouri to create center for rural students’ mental health.
Tommy Robinson was jailed in order to silence his reporting on a sex abuse trial in England, and to "protect Muslim pedophiles.
What's in a name? Losing Asperger's label not such a big change.
Missouri Votes to Let Employers Fire People Who Use Birth Control.
Tiny Eye Telescope Brings Back A World Of Sight
Mammograms Cut Risk of Breast Cancer Death by Half, Study Finds
ABC fired Joy Behar from her job co-hosting "The View" after she made comments about Vice President Mike Pence's religious beliefs.
Measles outbreak kills more than 1,200 in Madagascar.
The common allergy drug Benadryl can be used to treat rattlesnake bites. 
A brain injury diagnosed with a single drop of blood
2007 mass shooting survivor copes with 300 pellets of lead.
China investigates after vaccine suspected in seven deaths.
Marijuana laced with fentanyl is a problem, and you can detect it if "weed smells like popcorn.
Greece suggests EU buy patent rights for vaccines and coronavirus tests: FAZ.
“Fish tank additive may treat coronavirus.”
Mental health center in Newport gets $2M to expand services.
U.S. Supreme Court tosses out Medtronic pacemaker patent loss.
There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
Immune-Focused Drug May Be New Weapon Against Advanced Melanoma
Lil' Wayne announced that he was diagnosed with skin cancer and has one month to live.
Autism has now been included among the known side effects of the  DTaP (Diphtheria, Tetanus, and acellular Pertussis) vaccine.
Trendy fizzy drink is mushrooming
An image of a plant with phallic-looking structures is a genuine botanical specimen.
US troops get freeze-dried plasma for battlefield bloodshed.
Colorado assisted living facility license suspended.
Republicans “have shown themselves willing to cut millions off their health insurance and eliminate preexisting condition protections for millions more, even in the middle of this public health crisis.
Roe v. Wade was passed only because Roe lied about being raped.
Women with Stage 4 breast cancer survive longer if they have surgery, study shows
Gone With A Shot? Hopeful New Signs Of Relief For Migraine Sufferers
Dubai displays tech reputation with global robotics contest.
An implant that hits a nerve
A TEDx speaker gave a talk that referred to pedophilia as an 'unchangeable sexual orientation.'
Photographs show a homeless shelter with painted social-distancing boxes in a Las Vegas parking lot.
UN agency: Tanzania not sharing details on Ebola-like cases.
Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car.
Laser-Based Dermatological Procedures Could Be Revolutionized with New Techniqu
New law would let Uruguayans grow marijuana at home, in clubs.
Chinese leukemia patient livestreams to pay for treatment.
Recall: Nearly 57 tons of ground beef for possible E coli.
Chemistry Nobel for using evolution to create new proteins.
UN sees bird flu changes but calls risk of people spread low.
Discovery offers prospect of shorter treatment and cure for chronic myelogenous leukemia
Michigan Capitol hosts collection of unwanted medications.
A law in Japan makes it illegal for citizens of that country to be fat.
US births hit a 30-year low, despite good economy.
Aspirin may cut cancer deaths, but caution urged
Bodycad Announces First Use of Its Unicompartmental Knee System in Patients
Canine Carry Outs dog treats contain anti-freeze and are therefore dangerous to dogs.
Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.
Connecticut reports more vaping-related lung illnesses.
Sanofi's Lantus insulin favored over rival: study.
A photo shows Kamala Harris is “listed as Caucasian on her birth certificate.”
Sanofi ends research in diabetes, narrows units to spur profit.
Eye surgery law sparks unusually public dispute in Arkansas.
A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.
Study: CT scans rule out heart attacks faster
Black and white caterpillars can cause severe allergic reactions in some people who touch them.
Gene therapy improves sight in near-blind patients.
Two-fifths of U.S. adults care for sick, elderly relatives.
Pantene shampoo and conditioner leave a build-up on hair that causes it to heat up and "smoke" when combined with highlight foils.
“Does the #DemConvention know @NYGovCuomo forced nursing homes across NY to take in COVID positive patients and planted the seeds of infection that killed thousands of grandmothers and grandfathers?”
On-and-off fasting helps fight obesity
Over 1,000 quarantined in measles scare at LA universities.
U.N. flags need to cut meat to curb land use impact on global warming.
Indiana University cleaning mold inside residence quadrangle.
'Stink flirting' is a thing - just ask a ring-tailed lemur.
Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.
Sides spar over water permit for refinery near national park.
U.N. says Saudi deportations of Ethiopian migrants risks spreading coronavirus.
U.S. bishop may have exposed Catholics to hepatitis during Communion.
FACT CHECK: Trump pitches drug not approved for coronavirus.
The legalization of marijuana will force police departments to euthanize their drug sniffing dogs.
“If you look at the one (hydroxychloroquine) survey, the only bad survey, they were giving it to people that were in very bad shape. They were very old. Almost dead.”
Pelosi sets Medicare showdown on drug costs and new benefits.
Are You At Risk? 5 Different Types of Prostate Cancer Found
Under last year’s health care reform, "a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy.
Assault rifles already are banned.
Muslim girls buried alive by their father are fed and comforted by Jesus until rescuers come for them.
Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renacci’s Republican majority.
Henry Winkler Dead at 77 – A Huge Trump Supporter and Lifelong Gun Lover.
The existence of a canine coronavirus vaccine casts doubt on statements that there isn’t one for humans.
“Since the reopening of (Georgia), we’ve seen our COVID rate skyrocket by 40%.”
Philippine volcano trembles more, spews lava half-mile high.
Nearly 2/3 quarantined by LA universities are cleared.
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
Plant-based egg maker gains from non-animal food buzz but lower costs key.
Almost 95 percent of all (Planned Parenthood) pregnancy services were abortions.
Rudy Giuliani correctly tweeted that a research lab in Wuhan, China, got a $3.7 million grant from the U.S. in 2017 despite a ban on such funding.
U.S. vaping-related deaths rise to 54, hospitalizations to 2,506.
Prozac Failed Anorexic Women in Study
The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the "socialized" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000.
A man killed himself over the Treasury's decision to add an African-American abolitionist's portrait to the $20 bill.
Extracting the facts about pomegranate pills
Indonesia doctor hits the streets to curb coronavirus.
Malawi becomes 1st nation to immunize kids against malaria.
“In ‘Resident Evil’ the Umbrella Corporation releases a virus that infects the people of Raccoon City. A biological research lab with the exact same logo as the Umbrella Corporation can be found in the city where the coronavirus outbreak originated.”
HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
Calorie counts on menus used by women, wealthier diners in Seattle area.
AIDS center at UAB getting grant for HIV research.
Facebook post Says researchers found a “fabric that kills coronaviruses”
Trump administration signals compromise on gas mileage rules.
Music May Help Ease Pain for Anxious People
Gaza runs out of coronavirus tests, Palestinian health officials say.
In Early Trial, Targeted Therapy Fights Advanced Melanoma
New Mexico woman, 105, who beat 1918 flu, has COVID-19.
Chinese officials are seeking approval to start the mass killing of 20,000 people in order to stop the spread of new coronavirus. 
Joe Diffie’s death was labeled “as a COVID-19 death and it wasn’t!”
Obama's one education accomplishment was "legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners.
Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, "was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration.
Boy with rare disease gets brand new skin with gene therapy.
Washington state cannabis retailer opens in defiance of county ban.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is an actress playing a congresswoman to push the agenda of Justice Democrats. 
Blogger Says Nancy Pelosi was “caught trying to include abortion funding in bill to combat coronavirus.”
California’s Prop 55 "prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was building another mansion with elevators and 25 bathrooms at the same time part-time Whole Foods employees lost health benefits.
Elon Musk once tweeted: "If one day, my words are against science, choose science.
174 Democrats voted against a "bipartisan act to stop convicted terrorists and sexual predators from becoming TSA Agents.
Rio urges Carnival visitors to stick to urban areas.
 A meme that claims Donald Trump has been in the public eye for 30 years and was never accused of racism before running for president has gone viral on social media. 
WHO says e-cigarettes, 'smoke-free' products do not help reduce cancer.
A photograph shows the wedding of a U.S. Marine disfigured by combat wounds.
Chicago’s mayor says top cop drinking before incident in car.
GSK to sell two vaccines in $1.1 billion deal to focus on newer treatments.
SUNY Binghamton is offering a "Stop White People" course.
Quotes Sen. Lindsey Graham as saying President Trump “probably knows more about medicine and specifically viruses than any of the so-called scientists at the NIH and CDC.”
 Government officials in Thailand have warned that an unidentified militant group contaminated canned foods with HIV. 
Girl Scouts USA’s curriculum "promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate.
Reports of e-cigarette injury jump amid rising popularity, U.S. data show.
UK pushes for more ventilators, hospital beds as coronavirus cases mount.
A meme showing a mug shot of U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz suggests that the congressman has had “seven DUIs” and is responsible for the “suspicious” death of his college roommate. 
A 26-year-old man named Alex Smith of Minneapolis died because he had aged out of his mother's health insurance and couldn't afford insulin.
UN health revises advice for 3 infections transmitted by sex.
Alex Sink wants to "cut Medicare.
 A prayer alert about Ryan Corbin, the grandson of singer Pat Boone. Ryan is described as being in a coma in Southern California with brain injury from a fall of three stories. 
COVID-19 doctors are reporting inexplicable blood-clotting and hematological complications in otherwise young and healthy patients.
County board votes to evict Planned Parenthood health clinic.
Newly Identified Form of Vertigo Responds to Treatment
Health experts back treatment for kids with peanut allergy.
Hillary Clinton Says Bernie Sanders "voted for regime change with respect to Libya.
The actor Nora Kirkpatrick "played" a victim as part of a fake terrorist bomb attack at Parsons Green in London.
'Do we really want to close schools?' U.S. authorities resist coronavirus closures.
Judge dismisses lawsuit against New Mexico health provider.
The COVID-19 pandemic was planned by the Rockefeller Foundation in "Operation Lockstep.
Donald Trump Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care
Parking lot carjackers are placing flyers or $100 bills on the windows of automobiles, then taking the cars when drivers step out of their vehicles to remove them.
Fight against malaria could be set back 20 years, WHO warns.
Isles’ Lehner thrives after confronting mental health issues.
EU suspends delivery of 10 million masks over quality issues.
Research finds talc doesn’t cause cancer; juries disagree.
US senators ask federal government to address youth vaping.
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
France's coronavirus death rate accelerates, cases near 100,000.
$150K grant will help unravel mysterious panther illness.
Merck says thousands file for Vioxx payments.
Literally lousy: Parasite plagues world salmon industry.
Citizens Property Insurance has "over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus.
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
Pakistan psychologists issue conflict health warning.
New regulation requires motorcycle owners to install 75 MPH governor by January 2017
FDA Panel Backs Novartis Drug For Treating Parkinson’s Dementia
Tumor-free flounder: Study underscores Boston Harbor rebirth.
Montana joins other states with vaping product bans .
Missouri student on Columbia campus has active tuberculosis.
The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
A Harvard study proved that “unvaccinated children pose no risk” to other kids.
Jason Brian Dalton, who as accused of killing six people during a shooting spree in February 2016, is suing Uber for $10 million in damages.
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
Nobel Prize for seeing how life works at molecular level.
Teacher saves caged puppy from drowning in Illinois lake.
A recent invasion of New Guinea Flatworms in Florida poses a significant risk to human health and a sighting of this non-native animal should be reported to authorities by calling 911.
U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was "partly right" that a woman's body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesn't occur if she's raped.
In clinical trial, cream reduces squamous cell carcinoma risk
Texas Veterans Commission Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
On Aug. 21, 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump articulated a belief that he is "the chosen one," the "King of Israel," or the "second coming of God.
Chilean girl with cystic fibrosis tells president: Let me die.
Using PET Scans to Discover Early Signs of Alzheimer’s
Study: Supplements do little to ease arthritis
Timely use of Novartis' Entresto could prevent or postpone over 28,000 US deaths per year among HFrEF patients, according to an expert analysis in JAMA Cardiology
Restored Mission Control comes alive 50 years after Apollo.
Jack Conway Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
I think what the authors of the (25th) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown, an inability to function in office.
More than 60 killed, hundreds of thousands displaced by flooding in Bangladesh.
The deaths of John Beilman and his daughter were linked to the Las Vegas mass shooting via a device found in Stephen Paddock's hotel room.
More evidence coffee, tea could prevent diabetes
A video shows a man demonstrating an invisibility cloak.
The Massachusetts health care plan is "wildly unpopular" among state residents.
Want to quit smoking ? Try acupuncture or hypnosis.
Pokémon Go developer Niantic is working on a Harry Potter version of the hugely popular augmented-reality game.
Another Potential Benefit of Cutting Calories: Better Memory
WHO to reconsider declaring global emergency as China virus evacuations begin.
Maraschino cherries are produced using a toxic dye that has been banned for human consumption.
South Dakota launched a campaign against methamphetamine addiction with the tagline "Meth. We're On It.
Scientists have determined a date in January is statistically the most depressing day of the year.
Farmers feed their cattle candy, such as Skittles.
 Meryl Streep, who was critical of President-elect Donald Trump in a Golden Globes speech, once gave accused pedophile Roman Polanski a standing ovation at the Oscars. 
Man who gouged out ex’s eyes committed to mental facility.
3 economists who study poverty win Nobel Prize.
Rick Scott Says his tax and fee cuts will save households "$540 over two years.
Clark County ranks first in nation in syphilis rates.
Estrogen Lowers Breast Cancer and Heart Attack Risk in Some
Thailand extends ban on incoming passenger flights.
Beloved Mote Marine sea turtle gets new Broward County home.
Judge weighs whether NC schools conspired to depress wages.
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
In Yemen, world's worst cholera outbreak traced to eastern Africa.
The artificial sweetener Splenda was inadequately tested and is unsafe for human consumption.
Congo Ebola epidemic exceeds 1,000 cases: health ministry.
When U.S. President Donald Trump was asked what he'd say to people who lost family members to COVID-19, he replied, "I would say this didn't hurt anyone as much as it hurt me.
Blogger Says Vicks VapoRub caused a child’s death.
THC will be removed from drug-test screenings “starting on August 30th.”
Utah governor criticizes federal marijuana reform inaction.
Obamacare "will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally.
Post-war Liberians are demanding better mental health care.
The stimulus bill contains "$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers" and "$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.
  Former Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, the author of “American Sniper,” shot   looters in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, shot two carjackers in   Texas, and punched Jesse Ventura in the face.     
Viral posts claim that climate change is a "made-up catastrophe.
Study shows therapy improves quality of life in people who have sleep apnea.
Some Cubans choose dose of private medicine despite price.
The Chilean "privatization scheme" that Sharron Angle supports "has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage.
In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria).
Mississippi has passed a bill granting churchgoers the right to shoot and kill citizens at will.
I remember one of [Curt Schilling's] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock.
Trampolines add bounce to group fitness classes.
MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY: HEARTBROKEN FAMILY AWAITS FDA DECISION ON EXPERIMENTAL DRUG
Consuming tainted lettuce caused more deaths in 2018 than homicides perpetrated by undocumented immigrants. 
Medtronic recalls heparin-coated bypass equipment.
The Baseball Diet Is Proving To Be A Heavy Favorite For Shedding Pounds In 2015
Early breast cancers may need less lymph node surgery
Using the "African method" of sitting over a steaming cooking pot can help you avoid contracting COVID-19.
Second man arrested in probe of Mac Miller’s overdose death.
Facebook post says Joe Biden has said 150 million Americans died from guns and another 120 million from COVID-19
Adam Hasner Says George LeMieux "even compared Marco Rubio to Barack Obama.
Fiancee sues over principal’s death in bone marrow procedure.
Every day, "about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
Routine "recess" a hit at White House obesity summit.
Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing women’s health issues.
We've caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
The Claim: Aspirin Can Reduce the Risk of Alzheimer’s Disease
North Korea to launch medical tourism, targeting visitors from China.
There is a demonstrable link between marijuana legalization and an increase in violent crime.
A forthcoming Russian reality show called "Game2: Winter" will permit contestants to commit crimes, including rape and murder.
Cyclone death toll above 750; fighting disease new challenge.
Here in Florida, I’ve slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion.
Muslim nurses now have the "option of participating in medical operations without washing their hands.
U.S. 'gag rule' linked to 40% jump in abortions in parts of Africa.
Sometimes I was the only 'no' vote on the entire board.
Trial Shows Cystic Fibrosis Drug Helped Ease Breathing
Fish Oil Pills During Pregnancy Might Mean Stronger, Healthier Kids
Clusters of illness linked to CBD vapes share 2nd connection.
HIV in America: Studies zero in on trouble spots.
Inmate awaiting mental health treatment dies in Aspen jail.
Sanofi to cut U.S. insulin costs for some patients to $99 per month.
New Breast Reconstruction Technique Provides Better Outcomes, Less Discomfort for Women Recovering From Breast Cancer
Theophilus Van Kannel, who developed the revolving door, did so because of an aversion to holding open doors for women and other acts of chivalry.
U.S. President Donald Trump golfed several times and held a number of rallies after learning about the threat of the coronavirus. 
Same-day hip replacements get patients back on their feet
New transplant research aims to salvage infected donated organs.
I'm all ears: fossils reveal human ancestors' hearing abilities.
Problems spur FDA caution on insulin pump
NASA twins study explores space, the final genetic frontier.
Ohio committee rejects medical marijuana for anxiety, autism.
“Boil some orange peels wit cayenne pepper in it stand over the pot breathe in the steam so all that mucus can release from yo nasal… MUCUS is the problem its where THE VIRUS LIVES!!!”
Wrist replacement surgery is a last resort for those who wish to save hand’s range of motion
New psoriasis drug is more effective than current treatment
Walter "Blackie" Wetzel, a former leader of the Blackfeet Nation, designed the Indian head logo for the Washington D.C. "Redskins" NFL team.
Researchers produce first widely protective vaccine against chlamydia
A medical examiner's conclusion that Health and Human Services drug pricing adviser Daniel Best died of multiple blunt force injuries contradicts the official ruling that he committed suicide.
 A federal judge has approved GOP Congressman Trey Gowdy’s request to exhume the body of Vince Foster to determine if Bill and Hillary Clinton were involved in his death 23 years ago. 
A photograph shows an eagle catching a drone. 
Christmas miracle for Florida dog whose heart stopped.
Another dolphin dies at Arizona aquatic facility.
What the facts say" is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad.
FDA advisory panel rejects J&J drug for acute coronary syndrome.
Gene-editing Chinese scientist kept much of his work secret.