Knowledge1: Henry Master Feilden (21 February 1818 – 5 September 1875) was an English Conservative Party politician.  Feilden was born in Hampstead, London. He was educated at Bedford School and The Bartlett School of Architecture, University College, London, completing his training at the Architectural Association after the second world war. His love of architecture was inherited from his grandfather, Brightwen Binyon (1846-1905), an Ipswich architect and former pupil of Alfred Waterhouse. He joined the practice of Edward Boardman and Son in Norwich, where he designed the Trinity United Reformed Church. He set up an architectural practice, Feilden+Mawson, with David Mawson in 1956, to which offices in Norwich, London and Cambridge were later added. In 1968 Feilden took over as consultant architect to the University  Henry Feilden (Conservative politician)  Henry Master Feilden (21 February 1818 – 5 September 1875) was an English Conservative Party politician. [sep] Knowledge2: Henry Feilden (Conservative politician):  Henry Master Feilden (21 February 1818 – 5 September 1875)[1] was an English Conservative Party politician. ; Henry Feilden (Conservative politician): On 16 March 1869, the result of the 1868 general election in the borough of Blackburn was declared null and void, after an election petition had been lodged.[2] The two Conservatives who had been elected, William Henry Hornby and Feilden's father Joseph Feilden, were unseated when Mr Justice Willes found that there had been widespread intimidation of voters.[2] Henry Feilden was elected at the resulting by-election on 31 March 1869,[3] along with William Henry Hornby's son Edward.[4][5] Both candidates had appealed for support as a tribute to their fathers.[4] ; Henry Feilden: Henry Feilden may refer to:
Knowledge1: Espinal was born and raised in the Santa Rita district of Yoro. In a 2009 interview he said that from an early age he had aspirations of becoming a journalist. In his youth, Espinal was active in the La Fragua theater company in El Progreso, Yoro.  Herlyn Iván Espinal Martínez (14 September 1982 – 20 July 2014) was a Honduran journalist and television reporter who worked as chief correspondent in San Pedro Sula, the second largest city in Honduras, for Televicentro's daily newscast Hoy Mismo. Espinal was abducted in the vicinity of Santa Rita, in the department of Yoro, early on the morning of 20 July 2014. He was found dead, a victim of multiple gunshot wounds, in a nearby location on the morning of 21 July. He was the forty-third journalist killed in Honduras since 2013.  Espinal was found dead on 21 July 2014. He was 31 at the time of his murder. In the aftermath of his murder, contradictory information circulated regarding the last hours of his life and the circumstances of his death. Some sources claimed he was shot two times, others that he had been shot up to five times. One report of his death stated that the city in which he worked, San Pedro Sula, is "considered the most violent city in the most violent country on the planet". Espinal's mother stated that he had been at her home in Santa Rita watching television around 9   His first job as a journalist was with a local television channel in Agua Blanca Sur, Yoro, as a reporter and a presenter. He did both his own field work and presented it later on camera. He told an interviewer that journalists should always be "objective, impartial, and honest", and that journalists who take bribes will ultimately be exposed, adding, "Truth is mighty and will prevail". He also worked as a correspondent for Radio Progreso. Both the La Frague theater company and Radio Progreso were founded by the Jesuit order in El Progreso, Yoro. As chief correspondent for Hoy Mismo, which aired in San Pedro   on July 19 when an unidentified man phoned and arranged a meeting, which Espinal agree to. Later that evening, according to multiple accounts, Espinal met with friends at a restaurant in Santa Rita, and also left with friends very early on the morning of July 20, 2014. He reportedly arrived back at his mother's home around 3 a.m., parked his car in front of the house, and then voluntarily entered a white panel truck in which three other persons were seated. Some sources added further details, some of which appeared to conflict with others for timeline reasons. It was stated, for example, that  Herlyn Espinal  Herlyn Iván Espinal Martínez (14 September 1982 20 July 2014) was a Honduran journalist and television reporter who worked as chief correspondent in San Pedro Sula, the second largest city in Honduras, for Televicentro's daily newscast "Hoy Mismo".  Espinal was abducted in the vicinity of Santa Rita, in the department of Yoro, early on the morning of 20 July 2014. He was found dead, a victim of multiple gunshot wounds, in a nearby location on the morning of 21 July. He was the forty-third journalist killed in Honduras since 2013. 2014. He reportedly arrived back at his mother's home around 3 a.m., parked his car in front of the house, and then voluntarily entered a white panel truck in which three other persons were seated. Some sources added further details, some of which appeared to conflict with others for timeline reasons. It was stated, for example, that Espinal, after leaving Las Tejas at around 2 a.m., had soon after joined up with friends with whom he proceeded to socialize at various other places in Santa Rita. Another detail that was mentioned in some reports but not others had Espinal arriving [sep] Knowledge2: Herlyn Espinal: Herlyn Iván Espinal Martínez (14 September 1982 – 20 July 2014) was a Honduran journalist and television reporter who worked as chief correspondent in San Pedro Sula, the second largest city in Honduras, for Televicentro's daily newscast Hoy Mismo. ; Herlyn Espinal: Espinal was abducted in the vicinity of Santa Rita, in the department of Yoro, early on the morning of 20 July 2014.[1] He was found dead, a victim of multiple gunshot wounds, in a nearby location on the morning of 21 July.[2] He was the forty-third journalist killed in Honduras since 2013.[3] ; Herlyn Espinal: Espinal was born and raised in the Santa Rita district of Yoro.[4] In a 2009 interview he said that from an early age he had aspirations of becoming a journalist.[5] In his youth, Espinal was active in the La Fragua theater company in El Progreso, Yoro.[6] ; Herlyn Espinal: His first job as a journalist was with a local television channel in Agua Blanca Sur, Yoro, as a reporter and a presenter. He did both his own field work and presented it later on camera. He told an interviewer that journalists should always be "objective, impartial, and honest", and that journalists who take bribes will ultimately be exposed, adding, "Truth is mighty and will prevail".[5] ; Herlyn Espinal: He also worked as a correspondent for Radio Progreso. Both the La Frague theater company and Radio Progreso were founded by the Jesuit order in El Progreso, Yoro.[6]
Knowledge1: Edward Corser  Edward Bernard Cresset Corser (1852 – 31 July 1928) was an Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Maryborough from 1909 to 1915 and a Commonwealth Liberal Party and then Nationalist Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1915 until his death. [sep] Knowledge2: Edward Corser: Edward Bernard Cresset Corser (1852 – 31 July 1928) was an Australian politician. He was a Liberal Party member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Maryborough from 1909 to 1915 and a Commonwealth Liberal Party and then Nationalist Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1915 until his death. ; Edward Corser: In 1915, as the candidate of the conservative Commonwealth Liberal Party, he transferred to federal Parliament by winning the 1915 Wide Bay by-election caused by the resignation of Labor Prime Minister Andrew Fisher. In 1917, together with the rest of his party, he became a Nationalist.[7] He was re-elected with increasingly large majorities over time, and polled the largest majority of his career at his final election.[6] ; File:Edward Corser.jpg: This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it.
Knowledge1:  Source:  John Finlay (1782–1810) was a Scottish poet.  John Finlay (April 22, 1837 &ndash; November 13, 1910) was a Canadian politician. Born in Dummer Township, Peterborough County, Upper Canada, Finlay was educated in the Public Schools of Dummer. A manufacturer, Finlay was Councillor and Reeve of the Village of Norwood and County Councillor. He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada for the electoral district of Peterborough East in the general elections of 1904. A Liberal, he did not run in the 1908 elections. [sep] Knowledge2: John Finlay: John Finlay may refer to: ; John Martin Finlay: Finlay is best known for his posthumously published poetry collection, Mind and Blood: The Collected Poems of John Finlay.[1] ; John Martin Finlay:  John Finlay was born in Ozark, Alabama. One of five children, Finlay grew up on a peanut and dairy farm owned by his parents, Tom Coston Finlay and Jean Sorrell Finlay, near  Enterprise, Alabama.[1]  Jean Finlay belonged to the established gentry in Ozark; her father, Martin Sorrell, was a lawyer.[2]  According to Finlay biographer Jeffrey Goodman: ; John Martin Finlay: Finlay attended Enterprise High School, where he participated in theater and played a leading role in Thornton Wilder's play Our Town.  He was vice-president of his senior class, class orator, and voted "most scholarly."[3] ; John Martin Finlay: Finlay saw his first chapbook of fifteen poems, The Wide Porch, published in 1984; Between the Gulfs, his second chapbook of seventeen poems, appeared in 1986; and his third chapbook of nineteen poems, The Salt of Exposure, followed in 1988.
Knowledge1: Bruce McDaniel (born September 23, 1962) is an American musician, composer, producer and recording engineer, currently living in New Orleans. Bruce McDaniel was born in Boston, Massachusetts of Mexican and Scottish/American parents on 23 September 1962 and grew up in New York. He was raised by musical parents who met while attending the Juilliard School of Music. He had an early start in NYC's underground punk rock scene as lead guitarist for the Sic F*cks with Tish Bellomo and Snooky Bellomo, a band who, despite the inability to have their name said on the radio, parlayed their comedy-punk spectacle to a feature in Playboy Magazine and movie appearances, including 1982's Alone in [sep] Knowledge2: Bruce McDaniel: Bruce McDaniel (born September 23, 1962) is an American musician and record producer currently living in New Orleans. ; Bruce McDaniel: McDaniel was born in Boston, Massachusetts, of Mexican and Scottish/American parents on September 23, 1962, and grew up in New York.  He was raised by musical parents who met while attending the Juilliard School of Music.  He had an early start in NYC's underground punk rock scene as lead guitarist for the Sic F*cks with Tish Bellomo and Snooky Bellomo, a band who, despite the inability to have their name said on the radio, parlayed their comedy-punk spectacle to a feature in Playboy Magazine and movie appearances, including 1982's Alone in the Dark. ; Bruce McDaniel: Through the 1990s, he served as guitarist and bassist for R&B singer Vaneese Thomas, daughter of Rufus Thomas, known for her 1987 top 20 hits "Let's Talk It Over" and "(I Wanna Get) Close To You". McDaniel was ultimately elevated to the role of musical director of her touring band, a job which he still holds. ; Bruce McDaniel: The 1990s also saw the formation of McDaniel's band Nine Men's Morris and their first release Monster in My Stomach on Segue Records. McDaniel provided the songs, guitars and lead vocals, and was joined by Gartner on drums and bassist Donald Kyle. The follow-up album, It's a Wonderful Life, was released in 2004 to excellent reviews, with the title cut being featured on MTV's show Made. ; Bruce McDaniel: In 2000, McDaniel extended his musical horizons by composing a ballet, Alice in Wonderland, set on the East Coast Youth Ballet. The ballet was performed in 2001 and 2002 at the Rich Forum and Palace Theater in Stamford, Connecticut, to sold-out houses and rave reviews.
Knowledge1: Edwin Wallock (November 6, 1877 &ndash; February 4, 1951) was an American actor of the silent film era. He appeared in 60 films between 1912 and 1923. He was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa and died in Los Angeles, California. [sep] Knowledge2: Edwin Wallock: Edwin Wallock (November 6, 1877 – February 4, 1951) was an American actor of the silent film era. He appeared in 60 films between 1912 and 1923. He was born in Council Bluffs, Iowa and died in Los Angeles, California. ; Edwin Wallock: This article about a United States film actor born in the 1870s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Edwin Wallock: Cet article est une ébauche concernant un acteur américain. ; Edwin Wallock: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les conventions filmographiques. ; Edwin Wallock: Edwin Wallock (de son vrai nom Edward Wallock Wack) (né le 6 novembre 1877 à Council Bluffs, Iowa et mort le 4 février 1951 à Los Angeles,  Californie) est un acteur américain de la période du cinéma muet.
Knowledge1: Matthew McKay (6 October 1858 – 14 February 1937) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was born in West Gwillimbury Township, Ontario and became a dentist, dental surgeon and schoolteacher. McKay attended high school at Bradford, Whitby Collegiate Institute, Normal School in Toronto and Queen's University in Kingston (Bachelor of Arts) and the Royal College of Dental Surgeons in Toronto. McKay was a councillor of Pembroke, Ontario for five years and once served as the community's mayor. He was first elected to Parliament at the Renfrew North riding in the 1921 general election. After serving one term, he was defeated by Ira Delbert Cotnam of the Conservative party in the 1925 election. After unsuccessful attempts to unseat Cotnam in 1926 and 1930, McKay returned to the House of Commons by defeating Cotnam in the 1935 election. McKay died at an Ottawa hospital on 14 February 1937 from influenza and pneumonia before completing his term in the 18th Canadian Parliament. He was survived by a wife, two daughters and a son. [sep] Knowledge2: Matthew McKay (American football): McKay was born on October 21, 1999, in Raleigh, North Carolina. He played high school football for Wakefield High School in Raleigh.[1] With Wakefield he threw for 5,932 yards and 58 touchdowns along with 2,386 rushing yards and 39 rushing touchdowns. He was a three-time First Team All-League from his sophomore to senior year. Coming out of high school he was ranked the third-best quarterback in North Carolina and the 41st-best player in the whole state according to Rivals.com.[2] On February 27, 2016, he committed to play college football for NC State.[3][1] ; Matthew McKay (American football): In 2017, McKay was redshirted.[4] He was named the team's Offensive Scout Team Player of the Year.[5] ; Matthew McKay (American football): In 2018, McKay saw playing time in five games and finished the season completing seven of his eight pass attempts.[5] He threw for the most yards against Louisville as he completed five of his six attempts for 38 yards.[5] He scored his first-career touchdown against Georgia State.[5] ; Matthew McKay (American football): In 2019, McKay played in six games and started five of them.[5] He threw for a then-career-high 910 yards on the season.[6] He completed 86 of his 150 passes along with three passing touchdowns.[6] Against East Carolina, he threw for a career-high 308 passing yards along with 63 rushing yards on 25 carries.[7] In the game he also scored four total touchdowns. Following the season, he announced he would transfer from the school.[8] ; Matthew McKay (American football): In 2021, McKay started all eleven game and he went 9–2 as a starter.[4] He finished the season going 153-of-248 for 2,037 passing yards along with seventeen touchdowns and only three interceptions.[8] In a near-upset against Wyoming he completed nineteen of his 29 pass attempts for 202 yards and two touchdowns.[9] Prior to the team's playoff game against UT Martin, McKay announced he would transfer for a second time after he was benched for freshman Tommy Mellott.[8][10]
Knowledge1: Dominick Bellizzi (c. 1912 – 17 May 1934) was an American jockey who died at age 21 as a result of a horse racing accident. He was known as "The Duke". Bellizzi was born in New York to Albanian immigrants Samuel and Teresa Bellizzi. An up-and-coming young jockey in Thoroughbred racing, during 1933 Bellizzi rode to victory in the Futurity at Chicago's Arlington Park for Charles T. Fisher's Dixiana Farm. Competing on the New York circuit, he won the Adirondack Stakes and for the prominent Brookmeade Stable, owned by heiress Isabel Dodge Sloane, he captured both the Toboggan Handicap and the Whitney Handicap. In 1934, Bellizzi rode Brookmeade's colt High Quest to victory in the Wood Memorial Stakes, an important prep race for the Kentucky Derby. However, trainer Robert A. Smith opted to run the stable's Florida Derby winner  Dominick Bellizzi  Dominick Bellizzi ( – 17 May 1934) was an American jockey who died at age 21 as a result of a horse racing accident. He was known as "The Duke".  Bellizzi was born in New York to Albanian immigrants Samuel and Teresa Bellizzi. An up-and-coming young jockey in Thoroughbred racing, during 1933 Bellizzi rode to victory in the Futurity at Chicago's Arlington Park for Charles T. Fisher's Dixiana Farm. Competing on the New York circuit, he won the Adirondack Stakes and for the prominent Brookmeade Stable, owned by heiress Isabel Dodge Sloane, he captured both the Toboggan Handicap and the Whitney Handicap.  In 1934, Bellizzi rode Brookmeade's colt High Quest to victory in the Wood Memorial Stakes, an important prep race for the Kentucky Derby. However, trainer Robert A. Smith opted to run the stable's Florida Derby winner Time Clock in the Derby and under Bellizzi, finished seventh.  A week after the Kentucky Derby, Bellizzi was back in New York where he rode Brookmeade's Psychic Bid in the Youthful Stakes at Jamaica Race Course. As the field turned for home, the promising but still immature two-year-old colt veered wide and when Bellizzi attempted to guide him back in, the bit slipped in the horse's mouth. The motion caused the young jockey to lose his balance and he was thrown from his mount into the path of several onrushing horses. Severely injured, Bellizzi was rushed to Marymount Hospital in Jamaica, Queens. He underwent surgery for his injuries, which included a broken spine and damage to his intestines, and died five days later.<ref name="nytobit"/>  Bellizzi, whose coffin was carried by 10 other jockeys as pallbearers, was buried in his jockey uniform. [sep] Knowledge2: Dominick Bellizzi: Dominick Bellizzi (c. 1912 – 17 May 1934) was an American jockey who died at age 21 as a result of a horse racing accident. He was known as "The Duke".[2] ; Dominick Bellizzi: Bellizzi was born in New York to Albanian immigrants Samuel and Teresa Bellizzi. An up-and-coming young jockey in Thoroughbred racing, during 1933 Bellizzi rode to victory in the Futurity at Chicago's Arlington Park for Charles T. Fisher's Dixiana Farm. Competing on the New York circuit, he won the Adirondack Stakes and for the prominent Brookmeade Stable, owned by heiress Isabel Dodge Sloane, he captured both the Toboggan Handicap and the Whitney Handicap. ; Dominick Bellizzi: In 1934, Bellizzi rode Brookmeade's colt High Quest to victory in the Wood Memorial Stakes, an important prep race for the Kentucky Derby. However, trainer Robert A. Smith opted to run the stable's Florida Derby winner Time Clock in the Derby and under Bellizzi, finished seventh. ; Dominick Bellizzi: A week after the Kentucky Derby, Bellizzi was back in New York where he rode Brookmeade's Psychic Bid in the Youthful Stakes at Jamaica Race Course. As the field turned for home, the promising but still immature two-year-old colt veered wide and when Bellizzi attempted to guide him back in, the bit slipped in the horse's mouth. The motion caused the young jockey to lose his balance and he was thrown from his mount into the path of several onrushing horses. Severely injured, Bellizzi was rushed to Marymount Hospital in Jamaica, Queens. He underwent surgery for his injuries, which included a broken spine and damage to his intestines, and died five days later.[2] ; Dominick Bellizzi: Bellizzi, whose coffin was carried by 10 other jockeys as pallbearers, was buried in his jockey uniform.[3]
Knowledge1: Ole Krarup (17 March 1935 &ndash; 7 October 2017) was a Danish EU politician and former professor of law at the University of Copenhagen. [sep] Knowledge2: Ole Krarup: Ole Krarup (17 March 1935 – 7 October 2017) was a Danish EU politician and former professor of law at the University of Copenhagen. ; Ole Krarup: From 1994 through 2006 he was Member of the European Parliament with the Folkebevægelsen mod EU (People's Movement against the EU), Member of the Bureau of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and its Committee on Budgetary Control. Krarup was a substitute for the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and a member of the Delegation for relations with South Africa. ; Ole Krarup: Krarup resigned as an MEP on 1 January 2007 due to medical consequences after a traffic accident while riding his bicycle in Strasbourg in 2006. He was succeeded by MEP Søren Bo Søndergaard. ; Ole Krarup: Krarup died on 7 October 2017 at the age of 82.[1] ; Ole Krarup: This article about a Member of the European Parliament from Denmark is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Antonio Álvarez Alonso (11 March 1867 - 22 June 1903) was a Spanish pianist and composer. He is best known for his Pasodoble Suspiros de España. [sep] Knowledge2: Antonio Álvarez Alonso: Antonio Álvarez Alonso (Martos, Jaén, 11 de marzo de 1867 - Cartagena (Murcia) (España), 22 de junio de 1903[1]​) fue un pianista y compositor y director de zarzuelas español del siglo XIX. Es recordado por ser el autor del pasodoble Suspiros de España.
Knowledge1: Boutheina Jabnoun Marai (Tunisian Arabic: بثينة جبنون مرعي) is a Tunisian journalist and magazine publisher. She is the co-owner and the editor-in-chief of Bouthaina magazine. She currently resides in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates. Boutheina Jabnoun Marai, Tunisian journalist ; Bouthaina Shaaban, Syrian politician ; Bouthayna Shaya, Syrian actress and voice actress ; Buthaina Al-Yaqoubi, Omani athlete Boutheina (also spelled Bothayna or Buthaina; بثينة) is an Arabic given name for females. People with the name include: [sep] Knowledge2: Boutheina Jabnoun Marai: This article about a Tunisian writer or poet is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Boutheina: Boutheina (also spelled Bothayna or Buthaina; Arabic: بثينة) is an Arabic given name for females. People with the name include:
Knowledge1:  Wheatley was born in the Sydney suburb of Surry Hills on 13 March 1937, the third child of Raymond and Ivy (née Newman) Wheatley, both natives of Sydney. He was educated at Maroubra Junction Junior Technical School. Upon completing his schooling, Wheatley worked as a labourer in Sydney. On 20 July 1954, aged 17, he married Edna Davis; together they would have four children. He was a keen rugby player, and he earned the nickname of "Dasher" on the field. [sep] Knowledge2: Derek Wheatley:  Derek Peter Francis Wheatley QC (died 23 September 2018)[1] was an English barrister, legal advisor and novelist. ; Derek Wheatley: Wheatley was educated at University College, Oxford, going up to Oxford in 1944.[2] He became a barrister and was involved with the case of Isabel Earl, who was tried at the Old Bailey for murder. As a barrister, he handled both criminal and commercial cases. Subsequently, he was a Recorder (judge) of the Crown Court and a Deputy Coroner of the Queen's Household (1959–64). ; Derek Wheatley: He died on 23 September 2018 at the age of 92.[5] ; Derek Wheatley: This article about an English writer, poet or playwright is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Derek Wheatley: This United Kingdom law-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Herman A. Barnett  Dr. Herman Aladdin Barnett, lll (January 22, 1926 – May 27, 1973) was an African-American fighter pilot, surgeon and anesthesiologist. He became the first African-American graduate from the University of Texas Medical School in 1953. [sep] Knowledge2: Herman A. Barnett: Herman Aladdin Barnett III (January 22, 1926 – May 27, 1973) was an American fighter pilot, surgeon and anesthesiologist.[1] He became the first black graduate from the University of Texas Medical School in 1953.[2] ; Herman A. Barnett: Herman Barnett was born in Austin, Texas, on January 22, 1926.  He attended Grant Elementary School in San Antonio, Kealing Junior High, and Anderson High School in Austin.  He graduated from Phyllis Wheatley High School in Austin in 1943.[3] ; Herman A. Barnett: In 1944 Herman Barnett enlisted in the military at Fort Sam Houston. ; Herman A. Barnett: Due to his high exam scores he was accepted into training at the Tuskegee Institute, the world's only training program exclusively for black pilots.[2]  As a Tuskegee Airman, Barnett flew in the 332nd fighter group. ; Herman A. Barnett: Barnett's career as a pilot ended with the war, before he ever saw combat, being discharged in 1946.
Knowledge1: Modou Dia (born 27 March 1950) is a Senegalese politician and former diplomat. Dia represented Senegal in Saudi Arabia, the Soviet Union, West Germany and Austria. He also was the Senegalese permanent representative to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference. Dia was a candidate in the February 2007 presidential election, placing last out of 15 candidates with about 0.13% of the vote. Dia attended the Institut catholique d'arts et métiers in Lille. [sep] Knowledge2: Modou Dia: Modou Dia (born 27 March 1950) is a Senegalese politician and former diplomat. Dia represented Senegal in Saudi Arabia, the Soviet Union, West Germany and Austria. He also was the Senegalese permanent representative to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference. Dia was a candidate in the February 2007 presidential election,[1] placing last out of 15 candidates with about 0.13% of the vote.[2] ; Modou Dia: Dia attended the Institut catholique d'arts et métiers in Lille. ; Modou Dia: This article about a Senegalese politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Modou Dia: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Dia. ; Modou Dia: Cet article est une ébauche concernant un homme politique sénégalais.
Knowledge1: Jon Eikemo (born 30 November 1939 in Åsane, Norway) is a Norwegian actor. He debuted on stage in 1961. He made his film debut in 1968, with the movie De ukjentes marked ('The Market of the Unknown'). Eikemo has been a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Centre Party. [sep] Knowledge2: Jon Eikemo: Jon Eikemo (born 30 November 1939 in Åsane, Norway) is a Norwegian actor. He debuted on stage in 1961. He made his film debut in 1968, with the movie De ukjentes marked (The Market of the Outcasts). ; Jon Eikemo: Eikemo has been a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Centre Party.[1] ; Jon Eikemo: This article about a Norwegian actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jon Eikemo: Jon Eikemo (født på Breistein 30. november 1939) er en norsk skuespiller. Han debuterte på scenen i 1961, og hans filmdebut var i 1968 med filmen De ukjentes marked. Han fikk Spellemannprisen 1979 i åpen klasse for albumet Leser Jakob Sande og Norsk kulturråds ærespris for 2007 på NOK 500 000. Han er med i Amanda fra Haugesund i 2011. ; Jon Eikemo: Eikemo har vært ansatt ved Det norske teatret siden 1978, og har tidligere vært å se på Oslo Nye Teater (1975–78), Den Nationale Scene (1972–75), Nationaltheatret (1968–72), Det norske teatret (1966–67), Fjernsynsteatret (1964–65) og Riksteatret (1961–63).
Knowledge1: Marco Antonio Ameglio Samudio (b. 1961) is a Panamanian politician and businessman. He served as the President of the National Assembly from 1991 to 1992. Ameglio has been on the Panama Canal Authority Board of Directors since March 23, 2010. He was sworn for a period of 9 years. [sep] Knowledge2: Marco Ameglio: Marco Antonio Ameglio Samudio (b. 1961) is a Panamanian politician and businessman.  ; Marco Ameglio: He served as the President of the National Assembly from 1991 to 1992.[1] Ameglio has been on the Panama Canal Authority Board of Directors since March 23, 2010. He was sworn for a period of 9 years.[2] ; Marco Ameglio: Marco Ameglio was born on 28 February, 1961 in Panama City, Panama, is a Panamanian politician and businessman. Discover Marco Ameglio's Biography, Age, Height, Physical Stats, Dating/Affairs, Family and career updates. Learn How rich is He in this year and how He spends money? Also learn how He earned most of networth at the age of 62 years old?; Marco Ameglio:  We recommend you to check the complete list of Famous People born on 28 February. He is a member of famous Politician with the age 62 years old group. ; Marco Ameglio:  At 62 years old, Marco Ameglio height not available right now. We will update Marco Ameglio's Height, weight, Body Measurements, Eye Color, Hair Color, Shoe & Dress size soon as possible.
Knowledge1: Valgerður Bjarnadóttir (born 13 January 1950) is an Icelandic politician. [sep] Knowledge2: Valgerður Bjarnadóttir: Valgerður lauk stúdentsprófi frá Menntaskólanum í Reykjavík árið 1969, cand. oecon prófi í viðskiptafræði frá Háskóla Íslands árið 1975 og MS- prófi í heilsuhagfræði frá sama skóla árið 2006.
Knowledge1: Russell Newton Stokes (26 August 1903 &ndash; 6 July 1974) was an Australian politician. Born in Ivanhoe to manufacturer Henry Richmond Stokes and Emma Rowdon Wippell. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and became a manufacturer with the family badge- and medallion-making firm, Stokes & Sons, based in Brunswick. He was the managing director and chairman of the company from 1932 to 1974. Stokes also owned a 600-acre dairy and Angus property at Yarra Glen and further property at Yea. He married Margaret Black, with whom he had three children, on 16 November 1935. In 1944, he was the co-author of Political Rehabilitation in Australia, in which year he was also a foundation member of the Liberal Party. He sat on the member qualifications committee from 1954 to 1956, and in 1958 was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the member for Evelyn. He served until his retirement in 1973 and died in 1974 at Cairns. He is buried at Warringal Cemetery at Heidelberg. [sep] Knowledge2: Russell Stokes:  Russell Newton Stokes (26 August 1903 – 6 July 1974) was an Australian politician. ; Russell Stokes: Born in Ivanhoe to manufacturer Henry Richmond Stokes and Emma Rowdon Wippell. He attended Melbourne Grammar School and became a manufacturer with the family badge- and medallion-making firm, Stokes & Sons, based in Brunswick. He was the managing director and chairman of the company from 1932 to 1974. ; Russell Stokes: This article about a Liberal Party of Australia politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Jim Brown  James Nathaniel Brown (born February 17, 1936) is a former American football player, sports analyst and actor. He played as a fullback for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL) from 1957 through 1965. Considered to be one of the greatest running backs of all time, as well as one of the greatest players in NFL history, Brown was a Pro Bowl invitee every season he was in the league, was recognized as the AP NFL Most Valuable Player three times, and won an NFL championship with the Browns in 1964. He led the league in rushing yards in eight out of his nine seasons, and by the time he retired, he had shattered most major rushing records. In 2002, he was named by "The Sporting News" as the greatest professional football player ever.  Brown earned unanimous All-America honors playing college football at Syracuse University, where he was an all-around player for the Syracuse Orangemen football team. The team later retired his number 44 jersey, and he was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1995. He also excelled in basketball, track and field, and lacrosse. He is also widely considered one of the greatest lacrosse players of all time, and the Premier Lacrosse League MVP Award is named in his honor.  In his professional career, Brown carried the ball 2,359 times for 12,312 rushing yards and 106 touchdowns, which were all records when he retired. He averaged 104.3 rushing yards per game, and is the only player in NFL history to average over 100 rushing yards per game for his career. His 5.2 yards per rush is third-best among running backs, behind Marion Motley and Jamaal Charles. Brown was enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1971. He was named to the NFL's 50th, 75th, and 100th Anniversary All-Time Teams, comprising the best players in NFL history. Brown was honored at the 2020 College Football Playoff National Championship as the greatest college football player of all time. His number 32 jersey is retired by the Browns. Shortly before the end of his football career, Brown became an actor, and had several leading roles throughout the 1970s. [sep] Knowledge2: Jim Brown (disambiguation): Jim Brown may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Edwin Earl Ellis (August 28, 1924 - April 2, 1989) was an American inventor and photographer.  As an inventor he holds a patent for an awning support system.  He served in the U.S. Navy from 1943 to 1949 as a photographer. During this time he participated in the landings at the Battle of Okinawa. Most notably, he was a photographer on Operation Highjump, becoming one of the first people to visually document Antarctica. The Ellis Fjord and the Ellis Glacier are named after him. After the South Pole, he went to Norfolk, and was part of the crew that commissioned the USS Coral Sea (CV-43). He was also the founder of the Ellis Trailer Park in Paducah. The land it sat on is now owned by Cardinal Lanes. Edwin E. Ellis  Edwin Earl Ellis (August 28, 1924 - April 2, 1989) was an American inventor and photographer. [sep] Knowledge2: Edwin E. Ellis: Edwin Earl Ellis (August 28, 1924 - April 2, 1989) was an American inventor and photographer. ; Edwin E. Ellis: He served in the U.S. Navy from 1943 to 1949 as a photographer. During this time he participated in the landings at the Battle of Okinawa. Most notably, he was a photographer on Operation Highjump,[1] becoming one of the first people to visually document Antarctica.  The Ellis Fjord[2] and the Ellis Glacier[3] are named after him. After the South Pole, he went to Norfolk, and was part of the crew that commissioned the USS Coral Sea (CV-43).  He was also the founder of the Ellis Trailer Park in Paducah.  The land it sat on is now owned by Cardinal Lanes. ; Edwin E. Ellis: As an inventor he holds a patent for an awning support system.[4] ; Edwin E. Ellis: On August 16, 1947, he married Stella Beatrice Ellis (née) Irby.  The couple had their first child, Edwin "Ed" Earl Ellis, Jr., on May 25, 1954.  Two other children followed:  Linda Elaine Johnson (née) Ellis on July 13, 1959, and Donald Wayne Ellis on August 5, 1960. ; Edwin E. Ellis: He died April 2, 1989, in Paducah, Kentucky
Knowledge1:  Ali Moussa Al-Shawakh, (1973 –17 April 2018) known by his kunya Abu Luqman, Abu Ayyub al-Ansari or Ali al-Hamoud, was a Syrian man and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant governor of Raqqa, Syria as of July 2015. He used to be governor of Aleppo province. Muhammad Ali Luqman  Muhammad Ali Luqman (6 November 1898 – 24 March 1966) was a Yemeni lawyer, writer, and journalist. He established "Faṫāṫ Al-Jazīrah" (), the first independent newspaper in Yemen. [sep] Knowledge2: Muhammad Ali Luqman: Muhammad Ali Luqman (6 November 1898 – 24 March 1966) was a Yemeni lawyer, writer, and journalist. He was born in Aden, which was then under British control. After completing his education, he worked in school administration in Aden. However, he was dismissed from his position after publishing a letter, entitled "Is This a Scrap of Paper?" (Arabic: هل هذه قصاصة ورقية؟), which criticized the educational system. From 1930 to 1934, he worked as an agent for Al-Bas Company in Somalia, and the studied law in Mumbai, India, obtaining a degree in 1938. ; Muhammad Ali Luqman: Luqman established Faṫāṫ Al-Jazīrah (Arabic: فَـتَـاة الْـجَـزِيْـرَة), the first independent newspaper in Yemen, in 1940.[4][5] He also founded a weekly English-language newspaper, the Aden Chronicle, in 1953. ; Muhammad Ali Luqman: He was closely linked with the Free Yemeni Movement, and was one of the architects of the failed 1948 coup against Yemeni ruler Imam Yahya. On September 18, 1962, Luqman traveled to New York City at his own expense, following the United Kingdom's attempt to forcibly merge the colony of Aden into the Federation of South Arabia. Luqman succeeded in winning support from member states at the United Nations to prevent this from occurring. ; Muhammad Ali Luqman: He died in 1966 on his way to perform the Hajj, and was buried in Mecca. Both newspapers he founded were continued under the management of his son, the journalist Farouk Luqman, until South Yemen achieved independence the following year, in 1967. ; Muhammad Ali Luqman: Muhammad Ali Luqman (6 November 1898 – 24 March 1966) was a Yemeni lawyer, writer, and journalist. He was born in Aden, which was then under British control. After completing his education, he worked in school administration in Aden. However, he was dismissed from his position after publishing a letter, entitled "Is This a Scrap of Paper?" (Arabic: هل هذه قصاصة ورقية؟), which criticized the educational system. From 1930 to 1934, he worked as an agent for Al-Bas Company in Somalia, and the studied law in Mumbai, India, obtaining a degree in 1938.
Knowledge1: Ivo Perilli (10 April 1902 &ndash; 24 November 1994) was an Italian screenwriter. He wrote for more than 50 films between 1933 and 1977.  . Ivo Perilli  Ivo Perilli (10 April 1902 – 24 November 1994) was an Italian screenwriter. He wrote for more than 50 films between 1933 and 1977. [sep] Knowledge2: Ivo Perilli: Ivo Perilli (10 April 1902 – 24 November 1994) was an Italian screenwriter. He wrote for more than 50 films between 1933 and 1977.[1] ; Ivo Perilli: This article about a screenwriter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Ivo Perilli: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Perilli. ; Ivo Perilli: Ivo Perilli, né à Rome le 10 avril 1902 et décédé le 24 novembre 1994 dans la même ville, est un réalisateur et scénariste italien. ; Ivo Perilli: Ivo Perilli est architecte de formation et débute dans le monde du spectacle comme décorateur. L'échec de son premier film, Ragazzo (1933), interdit par la censure fasciste, le pousse à se consacrer essentiellement à l'écriture de scénarios. Il collabore avec de nombreux réalisateurs italiens, mais, surtout, aux côtés de Mario Camerini, avec lequel il contribue à élaborer un style de comédies tout à la fois sentimentales et humoristiques. Après la Seconde Guerre mondiale, il participe aux scénarios de films célèbres comme Riz amer de Giuseppe De Santis en 1949 ou Europe 51 de Roberto Rossellini en 1952.
Knowledge1: Rinaldo del Mel (also René del Mel, del Melle) (probably 1554 – c. 1598) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, mainly active in Italy, and a member of the Roman School of composition. He likely studied with Palestrina, and was a skilled and prolific composer, especially of cyclic madrigals of the type popular in Rome.  Mel was born in Mechelen to an aristocratic family closely connected to the Duchy of Lorraine; his father was in charge of the financial management of the Duke's estate. In 1562, at the probable age of eight, he began study at the Cathedral of St. Rombaut, with Séverin Cornet being his principal teacher. In 1572, after finishing his schooling, he was sent to Lisbon by his family, where he may have served as maestro di cappella at the court (according to Giuseppe Baini, the 19th century writer on music, who was not always a reliable source). By 1580 he was in Rome, possibly studying with Palestrina. Records indicate he was at Chieti in 1583, and in January 1584 in Venice; in July of that year he accepted a position   maestro di cappella at Rieti Cathedral, but was dismissed shortly thereafter for being too often absent from his duties. Between 1585 and 1591 Mel traveled widely, returning to Flanders, including Liège and Antwerp. He served briefly as maestro di cappella for the Duke of Bavaria, then in Liège, for at least a few months beginning in July 1587. He visited Venice, Rome, Magliano Capo di Sabina, and Aquila during the years 1585 to 1591 as well. Between 1591 and 1597 he was music director at the cathedral and seminary in Magliano Capo di Sabina. He disappears from the record after 1597, but a book of newly composed chansons by him, published in Antwerp that year, has suggested that he may have again returned to the land of his birth.  All of Rinaldo del Mel's surviving music is vocal, and it is both sacred and secular. He was a prolific composer, and wrote both motets and madrigals, as well as some forms that blended elements of the sacred and secular, such as a collection of "spiritual canzonets". His style shows the craftsmanship of an exceptional Netherlandish musical training, as well as the influence of Palestrina, who was probably his teacher, as claimed by Baini. Mel's sacred music, as would be expected of a composer of the Roman School, is more conservative stylistically than his secular music. Since his music is yet to appear in a modern edition it has not been fully evaluated by scholars. Mel wrote several sets of cyclic madrigals, i.e. sets of madrigals which set successive stanzas of a long poem (Monteverdi's Sestina: Lagrime d'Amante al Sepolcro  1593 in music [sep] Knowledge2: Rinaldo del Mel: Rinaldo del Mel (also René del Mel, del Melle) (probably 1554 – c. 1598) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, mainly active in Italy, and a member of the Roman School of composition.  He likely studied with Palestrina, and was a skilled and prolific composer, especially of cyclic madrigals of the type popular in Rome. ; Rinaldo del Mel: Mel was born in Mechelen to an aristocratic family closely connected to the Duchy of Lorraine; his father was in charge of the financial management of the Duke's estate.  In 1562, at the probable age of eight, he began study at the Cathedral of St. Rombaut, with Séverin Cornet being his principal teacher.  In 1572, after finishing his schooling, he was sent to Lisbon by his family, where he may have served as maestro di cappella at the court (according to Giuseppe Baini, the 19th century writer on music, who was not always a reliable source).  By 1580 he was in Rome, possibly studying with Palestrina.  Records indicate he was at Chieti in 1583, and in January 1584 in Venice; in July of that year he accepted a position as maestro di cappella at Rieti Cathedral, but was dismissed shortly thereafter for being too often absent from his duties. ; Rinaldo del Mel: Between 1585 and 1591 Mel traveled widely, returning to Flanders, including  Liège and Antwerp.  He served briefly as maestro di cappella for the Duke of Bavaria, then in Liège, for at least a few months beginning in July 1587.  He visited Venice, Rome, Magliano Capo di Sabina, and Aquila during the years 1585 to 1591 as well.  Between 1591 and 1597 he was music director at the cathedral and seminary in Magliano Capo di Sabina.  He disappears from the record after 1597, but a book of newly composed chansons by him, published in Antwerp that year, has suggested that he may have again returned to the land of his birth. ; Rinaldo del Mel: All of Rinaldo del Mel's surviving music is vocal, and it is both sacred and secular.  He was a prolific composer, and wrote both motets and madrigals, as well as some forms that blended elements of the sacred and secular, such as a collection of "spiritual canzonets".  His style shows the craftsmanship of an exceptional Netherlandish musical training, as well as the influence of Palestrina, who was probably his teacher, as claimed by Baini.  Mel's sacred music, as would be expected of a composer of the Roman School, is more conservative stylistically than his secular music.  Since his music is yet to appear in a modern edition it has not been fully evaluated by scholars. ; Rinaldo del Mel: Mel wrote several sets of cyclic madrigals, i.e. sets of madrigals which set successive stanzas of a long poem (Monteverdi's Sestina:  Lagrime d'Amante al Sepolcro dell'Amata is probably the most famous example of a cyclic madrigal set).  Setting cyclic madrigals was a hallmark of Roman School composers.  Mel's settings show some progressive tendencies, such as an increasing melodic emphasis on the uppermost part, a feature which foreshadowed the polarization of soprano and bass parts that was a feature of the Baroque style several decades later.  In addition, in his secular music he often employs harmonic progressions with root motions in fifths, another feature of the Baroque style to follow.
Knowledge1: Annie Beustes (born 15 June 1945 in Arget) is a New Caledonian politician. She has served in the Congress of New Caledonia as a member of The Rally–UMP, and is anti-independence; she also served in the government of Jean Lèques. She served a short term as Vice President of the Government of New Caledonia in August 2007, and was succeeded by Déwé Gorodey of the Kanak and Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS: Front de Libération Nationale Kanak et Socialiste). Annie Beustes, born Annie Campagne, is a New Caledonian politician, born on 15 August 1945 in Arget.  Annie Beustes  Annie Beustes (born 15 June 1945 in Arget) is a New Caledonian politician. She has served in the Congress of New Caledonia as a member of The Rally–UMP,<ref name=congres/> and is anti-independence; she also served in the government of Jean Lèques.  She served a short term as Vice President of the Government of New Caledonia in August 2007, and was succeeded by Déwé Gorodey of the Kanak and Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS: Front de Libération Nationale Kanak et Socialiste). [sep] Knowledge2: Annie Beustes: Annie Beustes (born 15 June 1945[1]) is a French politician in New Caledonia. She has served in the Congress of New Caledonia as a member of The Rally–UMP,[1] and is anti-independence;[citation needed] she also served in the government of Jean Lèques. ; Annie Beustes: She served a short term as Vice President of the Government of New Caledonia in August 2007, and was succeeded by Déwé Gorodey of the Kanak and Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS: Front de Libération Nationale Kanak et Socialiste).[2] ; Annie Beustes: This article about a New Caledonian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Annie Beustes: Annie Beustes (born 15 June 1945[1]) is a French politician in New Caledonia. She has served in the Congress of New Caledonia as a member of The Rally–UMP,[1] and is anti-independence;[citation needed] she also served in the government of Jean Lèques.; Annie Beustes: She served a short term as Vice President of the Government of New Caledonia in August 2007, and was succeeded by Déwé Gorodey of the Kanak and Socialist National Liberation Front (FLNKS: Front de Libération Nationale Kanak et Socialiste).[2]
Knowledge1: Kazuyoshi Sekine (関根和美 Sekine Kazuyoshi), also known as Kazumi Sekine, is a Japanese film director, a dramatist, and a movie producer and the president of Sekine Production production company (関根プロ). He mainly directs movies produced by independent film studios. He is married to the actress Izumi Aki, who has appeared in his films. Many of his films are urban love stories. [sep] Knowledge2: Kazuyoshi Sekine: Kazuyoshi Sekine (関根和美 Sekine Kazuyoshi), also known as Kazumi Sekine, is a Japanese film director, a dramatist, and a movie producer and the president of Sekine Production production company (関根プロ). ; Kazuyoshi Sekine: He mainly directs films produced by independent studios. ; Kazuyoshi Sekine: He is married to the actress Izumi Aki, who has appeared in his films. ; Kazuyoshi Sekine: Many of his films are urban love stories. ; Kazuyoshi Sekine: This article about a Japanese film director is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Domingo de Eyzaguirre y Arechavala (July 17, 1775 – April 22, 1854) was a Chilean politician and philanthropist. He was born in Santiago, Chile, the son of the Basque Domingo Eyzaguirre Escutasolo and of María Rosa de Arechavala y Alday. He studied in the seminary of his native City, and showed remarkable aptitude for mathematics and chemistry. When scarcely nineteen years old he was appointed as assayer of the royal mint of Santiago, but resigned the next year, and devoted himself entirely to the cultivation of a farm near Santiago, inherited from his father. There his labors tended more to the improvement of the condition of the   its president. He was several times deputy to the National congress, where he soon became noted for his honesty. In 1845 he attempted to establish a socialistic colony in the country, where all should share the labor and produce, but soon dissensions broke out, and the project failed. A few years later he undertook to establish a large cloth factory, with the object of improving the condition of the poor and giving occupation to women and children. In this enterprise he invested the greater part of his fortune, but before the factory was finished he died. The Maipo canal board erected a statue to his memory.  soon converted the arid plain into a fertile garden. It was placed by the government under the administration of a board, of which Eyzaguirre was appointed president. In 1823 he was commissioned to reorganize the charitable institutions, and undertook the task of building a home for wayfarers and needy persons. Within a few years he had collected the necessary means, and a new and commodious building was erected. In 1835 he was appointed first governor of the department of Victoria, the capital of which he had founded and spent a good part of his fortune in improving. He established the agricultural society in 1838, and was   classes than to his own pecuniary interest. He improved the yield of some of the poorest lands by his knowledge of chemistry, introduced modern agricultural implements, and, by giving his laborers better than the accustomed wages and caring for their moral and material welfare, soon assembled a colony of well to do and contented people. He also introduced looms, which, although imperfect, served to weave from native wool the coarse cloth worn by the peasantry. From the first years of his country life he agitated the project of a canal to water the barren plain surrounding Santiago, which had been begun some time before, but was abandoned.  "Aquelarre", playing titles such as, "El cautivo de Tiltil" and "Valparaíso". Eyzaguirre began his career in politics as a member of the Christian Democrat Party, and then migrated to the Christian Left Party and then to the Communist Party, where he stayed until his departure to the United States. He graduated as a Commercial Engineer with a mention in Economics at the University of Chile, and obtained his master's degree in Economics from the same university, specializing in Economic Development. Later, he traveled to the United States to obtain a Doctorate in Macroeconomics and International Trade from the Harvard University, [sep] Knowledge2: Domingo Eyzaguirre: Domingo de Eyzaguirre y Arechavala (July 17, 1775 – April 22, 1854) was a Chilean politician and philanthropist. ; Domingo Eyzaguirre: He was born in Santiago, Chile, the son of the Basque Domingo Eyzaguirre Escutasolo[1] and of María Rosa de Arechavala y Alday.  He studied in the seminary of his native City, and showed remarkable aptitude for mathematics and chemistry. When scarcely nineteen years old he was appointed as assayer of the royal mint of Santiago, but resigned the next year, and devoted himself entirely to the cultivation of a farm near Santiago, inherited from his father. ; Domingo Eyzaguirre: There his labors tended more to the improvement of the condition of the laboring classes than to his own pecuniary interest. He improved the yield of some of the poorest lands by his knowledge of chemistry, introduced modern agricultural implements, and, by giving his laborers better than the accustomed wages and caring for their moral and material welfare, soon assembled a colony of well to do and contented people. He also introduced looms, which, although imperfect, served to weave from native wool the coarse cloth worn by the peasantry. ; Domingo Eyzaguirre: From the first years of his country life he agitated the project of a canal to water the barren plain surrounding Santiago, which had been begun some time before, but was abandoned. The Spanish government approved the plan, and in 1802 made Eyzaguirre director. He pushed the work with energy until it was interrupted by the revolution of 1810, and notwithstanding he sympathized with the patriotic cause, he abstained from any participation. ; Domingo Eyzaguirre: His prestige as an honorable and impartial man was so great that, even when his brothers were exiled, he suffered no persecution from the Spanish authorities, and was enabled to alleviate the sufferings of his compatriots. When the independence of Chile was finally established in 1817, he resumed his favorite work, and in 1820, amid great festivities, the canal of Maipo was opened. This, with many smaller lateral canals, soon converted the arid plain into a fertile garden. It was placed by the government under the administration of a board, of which Eyzaguirre was appointed president.
Knowledge1:  Harrison attended the School of the Art Institute of Chicago (SAIC) from 1949 to 1954, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts. One of his undergraduate professors was Henry P. Glass, a high-profile industrial designer who Harrison was really energized to be associated with. Glass recognized Harrison and rewarded him with good grades and the opportunity to visit his studios. They were very accommodating and passionate. Glass would prove to be one of Harrison's greatest mentors and allies over the course of his career. It was also while attending SAIC that Harrison met his future wife. In 1956, he returned to the school to pursue graduate studies, transferring later to the Illinois Institute of Technology to complete his Master's in Art Education. He received his Master of Science in Art Education from the Institute of Design in 1963. [sep] Knowledge2: Charles "Chuck" Harrison: In 2000, Harrison's work was featured in an exhibit titled "The World of a Product Designer: Charles Harrison" at the Carver Museum and Cultural Center.[4] ; Charles Harrison: Charles Harrison may refer to: ; Charles Harrison (art historian): As a member of Art & Language, Charles Harrison was a exhibitor at Documenta 5 in Kassel in 1972 with the Project Index 0001 in the Idea + Idea / Light department, together with Art & Language member Terry Atkinson, David Bainbridge, Ian Burn, Michael Baldwin, Harold Hurrell, Mel Ramsden and Joseph Kosuth. With Art & Language he was also billed at Documenta 6 (1977) and Documenta 7 in 1982. ; Charles Harrison (musician):  Charles Harrison (born 21 March 1974) has been Organist and Master of the Choristers of Chichester Cathedral since September 2014, succeeding Sarah Baldock. He has also held musical posts at Southwell Minster, Carlisle and Lincoln Cathedral. ; Charles Harrison (musician): Whilst at Carlisle Cathedral, Harrison developed his career as a solo instrumentalist, appearing in recitals and numerous international competitions. In 1999, he was awarded prizes in the St Albans International Organ Festival, and in the following year at the Odense International Organ Competition. After three years at Carlisle, he moved to Belfast, Northern Ireland.[4]
Knowledge1:  Richard Frank Keith Harris (born 5 March 1968) is a London-based composer, arranger, transcriber, teacher and pianist. Richard Harris studied composition and orchestration at the University of Edinburgh, where his tutors included Kenneth Leighton. At Edinburgh he co-founded the contemporary classical ensemble Piano Circus, with whom he was a member until 2002, commissioning and performing works by Arvo Pärt, Brian Eno, Philip Glass and Steve Reich. The ensemble was signed to Decca/Argo, producing five CDs. Compositions by Harris feature on the Argo CD Loopholes, and in full on the ensemble's own CD Landscapes Of The Heart; he also produced successful arrangements of works by Terry Riley and Thomas Ades. His work Hexada was featured in the UK television programme The Score.  Richard Harris  Richard St John Francis Harris (1 October 1930 – 25 October 2002) was an Irish actor and singer. He appeared on stage and in many films, notably as Corrado Zeller in Michelangelo Antonioni's "Red Desert", Frank Machin in "This Sporting Life", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and as King Arthur in the 1967 film "Camelot", as well as the 1981 revival of the stage musical.  He played an English aristocrat captured by the Sioux in "A Man Called Horse" (1970), Oliver Cromwell in "Cromwell" (1970), an embattled Irish farmer in Jim Sheridan's "The Field" (which earned him a second Academy Award nomination for Best Actor), English Bob in Clint Eastwood's revisionist Western "Unforgiven" (1992), Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius in "Gladiator" (2000), "The Count of Monte Cristo" (2002) as Abbé Faria, and Albus Dumbledore in the first two "Harry Potter" films: "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (2001) and "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002), the latter of which was his final film role. Harris had a number-one singing hit in Australia, Jamaica and Canada, and a top-ten hit in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and the United States with his 1968 recording of Jimmy Webb's song "MacArthur Park". In 2020, he was listed at number 3 on "The Irish Times"s list of Ireland's greatest film actors. [sep] Knowledge2: Richard Harris: He portrayed King Arthur in the 1967 film Camelot based on the Lerner and Loewe musical of the same name. For his performance he received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. He reprised the role in the 1981 Broadway musical revival. He received a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his role in Pirandello's Henry IV.(1991). ; Richard Harris: Harris starred in a Western for Samuel Fuller, Riata, which stopped production several weeks into filming. The project was re-assembled with a new director and cast, except for Harris, who returned: The Deadly Trackers (1973). In 1973, Harris published a book of poetry, I, In the Membership of My Days, which was later reissued in part in an audio LP format, augmented by self-penned songs such as "I Don't Know". ; Richard Harris: He appeared in another action film, Golden Rendezvous (1977), based on a novel by Alistair Maclean, shot in South Africa. Harris was sued by the film's producer for his drinking; Harris counter-sued for defamation and the matter was settled out of court.[15] Golden Rendezvous was a flop but The Wild Geese (1978), where Harris played one of several mercenaries, was a big success outside America.[16] Ravagers (1979) was more action, set in a post-apocalyptic world. Game for Vultures (1979) was set in Rhodesia and shot in South Africa. ; Richard Harris: In 1957, Harris married Elizabeth Rees-Williams, daughter of David Rees-Williams, 1st Baron Ogmore. They had three children: actor Jared Harris, actor Jamie Harris, and director Damian Harris. Harris and Rees-Williams divorced in 1969, after which Elizabeth married Rex Harrison. Harris's second marriage was to the American actress Ann Turkel in 1974, they divorced in 1982.[29] ; Richard Harris: Another life-size statue of Richard Harris, as King Arthur from his film Camelot, has been erected in Bedford Row, in the centre of his home town of Limerick. The sculptor of this statue was the Irish sculptor Jim Connolly, a graduate of the Limerick School of Art and Design.
Knowledge1:  .  . [sep] Knowledge2: Peter Murphy (musician): For the cover of the album, Murphy chose photographer Anton Corbijn to do a session for it, where he came up with a variation of shots in different locations, poses along with numerous techniques.[2] Murphy commented on the photo that ultimately became the cover of his LP, "I lined the photographs up in my house for a week. This one photograph was really haunting me, it was kind of very powerful and quite difficult to deal with – and to contemplate it as an album cover was quite radical, very brave actually at a point where I was following up Deep."[2] Also, according to Murphy regarding the message of the picture, he was making, "A radical statement against image, the plastic use of image, personality and forced charisma in the music business. It was an obvious statement against that." This did not help his album sales as some of his fans were baffled of the image considering his imagery in the past.[2]
Knowledge1: James M. Geraghty (February 2, 1870 – April 29, 1940) was an Irish American politician. He is known as a former member of the Washington State House of Representatives, elected in 1897 to represent the 3rd legislative district from Spokane, Washington. An attorney by trade, he served as Spokane's city attorney from 1905 to 1907, and again from 1916 to 1932. In 1933, he was appointed to the Washington State Supreme Court, by Governor Clarence D. Martin.  Geraghty was born in Parramatta, New South Wales. He was the son of a railway porter, and was educated at Christian Brothers' High School, Lewisham. He worked as a railway engineer and hotel manager and owned substantial suburban property.  James M. Geraghty was born on February 2, 1870, in County Mayo, Ireland. He is the son of Patrick and Bridget (née Haley) Geraghty. In 1880, the family immigrated to the US, arriving in New York and establishing a farm in Indiana. He attended school in Rush County, Indiana. After relocating to Spokane in 1892, he initially worked as a teamster, before attending business school. In 1908, Geraghty married Nora Toolen. Together, they raised nine children in Spokane. They were members of the Catholic Church, known for supporting Catholic interests throughout the Pacific Northwest. In December 1939, Geraghty began experiencing symptoms from a recurring kidney disease and died on April 29, 1940, in Spokane. James M. Geraghty  James M. Geraghty (February 2, 1870 – April 29, 1940) was an Irish American politician. He is known as a former member of the Washington State House of Representatives, elected in 1897 to represent the 3rd legislative district from Spokane, Washington. An attorney by trade, he served as Spokane's city attorney from 1905 to 1907, and again from 1916 to 1932. In 1933, he was appointed to the Washington State Supreme Court, by Governor Clarence D. Martin. [sep] Knowledge2: James M. Geraghty: James M. Geraghty (February 2, 1870 – April 29, 1940) was an Irish American politician. He is known as a former member of the Washington State House of Representatives, elected in 1897 to represent the 3rd legislative district from Spokane, Washington. An attorney by trade, he served as Spokane's city attorney from 1905 to 1907, and again from 1916 to 1932. In 1933, he was appointed to the Washington State Supreme Court, by Governor Clarence D. Martin.[1][2][3] ; James M. Geraghty: James M. Geraghty was born on February 2, 1870, in County Mayo, Ireland. He is the son of Patrick and Bridget (née Haley) Geraghty. In 1880, the family immigrated to the US, arriving in New York and establishing a farm in Indiana. He attended school in Rush County, Indiana. After relocating to Spokane in 1892, he initially worked as a teamster, before attending business school.[2] In 1908, Geraghty married Nora Toolen. Together, they raised nine children in Spokane. They were members of the Catholic Church, known for supporting Catholic interests throughout the Pacific Northwest.[2] ; James M. Geraghty: Following his graduation from business school, Geraghty joined the staff of the City of Spokane's Corporate Counsel, William H. Plummer, where he worked as a stenographer. During this time, he was drawn to the legal profession and began studying law, under the guidance of Plummer. In 1896, running as a Conservative, under the Fusion ticket, Geraghty was elected as the youngest member of the Washington House of Representatives. In 1897, he passed the state bar in Olympia and began practicing law.[2] ; James M. Geraghty: Geraghty is the grandfather of Jack Geraghty (b. 1934), who served as the 39th Mayor of Spokane, Washington.[4] Ironically, while Geraghty served as Spokane's City Attorney during the first decade of the 20th century,[2] his grandson served as the mayor of the city during the last decade.[5] ; Jim Geraghty: In November 2022, he argued in the Washington Post that Florida's governor, Ron DeSantis, "would represent a return to normality" if elected U.S. president in 2024.[2]
Knowledge1: Christopher Hutchings (born 5 July 1957) is an English former footballer and manager. He played for a number of clubs including Chelsea and played more than 100 games for Brighton & Hove Albion and Huddersfield Town. He has managed in the Premier League with Bradford City and Wigan Athletic, while his most recent tenure was at Walsall. He left Ipswich Town in November 2012 following Paul Jewell's departure.  Michael Hutchings (born 1949) is a professional chef who is best known as the chef/owner of Michael's Waterside in Santa Barbara, California. He appears with Julia Child on the PBS cooking program Dinner at Julia's and on Cox Television with Jeanne Berg's Cooking Local program. Since 2015, he has appeared as the Chef Host of the Santa Barbara ABC-Affiliate cooking program The Inn Crowd. Michael Hutchings (chef)  Michael Hutchings (born 1949) is a professional chef who is best known as the chef/owner of Michael's Waterside in Santa Barbara, California. He appears with Julia Child on the PBS cooking program "Dinner at Julia's" and on Cox Television with Jeanne Berg's "Cooking Local" program. Since 2015, he has appeared as the Chef Host of the Santa Barbara ABC-Affiliate cooking program "The Inn Crowd". [sep] Knowledge2: Michael Hutchings (chef): Michael Hutchings (born 1949) is a professional chef who is best known as the chef/owner of Michael's Waterside in Santa Barbara, California.[2] He appears with Julia Child on the PBS cooking program Dinner at Julia's and on Cox Television with Jeanne Berg's Cooking Local program. Since 2015, he has appeared as the Chef Host of the Santa Barbara ABC-Affiliate cooking program The Inn Crowd. ; Michael Hutchence: On 27 November 1997, Hutchence's funeral was held at St Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney. His casket was carried out of the cathedral by members of INXS and by his younger brother, Rhett; "Never Tear Us Apart" was played in the background. Nick Cave, a friend of Hutchence's, performed his 1997 song "Into My Arms" during the funeral and requested that television cameras be switched off. Rhett claimed in his 2004 book Total XS that on the previous day at the funeral home, Yates had put a gram of heroin into Hutchence's pocket.[65] ; Michael Hutchence: The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA), "honouring composers and songwriters". They commenced in 1982.[97] ; Michael Hutchence: Countdown was an Australian pop music TV series on national broadcaster ABC-TV from 1974 to 1987, it presented music awards from 1979 to 1987, initially in conjunction with magazine TV Week. The TV Week / Countdown Awards were a combination of popular-voted and peer-voted awards.[100][101] ; Michael Hutchings: Michael Hutchings may refer to:
Knowledge1: He was born on 18 February 1962, in Lyantonde District. [sep] Knowledge2: Category:James Msekela: The following 2 files are in this category, out of 2 total.
Knowledge1: Masayoshi Nataniya (那谷屋 正義) is a Japanese politician of the Constitutional Democratic Party and a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Yokohama, Kanagawa and graduate of Yokohama National University, he was elected for the first time in 2004. [sep] Knowledge2: Masayoshi Nataniya: Masayoshi Nataniya (那谷屋 正義, Nataniya Masayoshi, born 3 August 1957) is a Japanese politician of the Constitutional Democratic Party[1] and a member of the House of Councillors in the Diet (national legislature). A native of Yokohama, Kanagawa and graduate of Yokohama National University, he was elected for the first time in 2004. ; Masayoshi Nataniya: This article about a Japanese politician born in the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Category:Masayoshi Nataniya: The following 3 files are in this category, out of 3 total. ;  Masayoshi Nataniya : Masayoshi Nataniya (3 August 1957-) was a Japanese DPJ and CDP politician who served in the House of Councillors from 11 July 2004. ;  Masayoshi Nataniya : Masayoshi Nataniya was born in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan on 3 August 1957, and he was first elected to the House of Councillors in 2004 as a national-list DPJ politician. He defected to the CDP in 2017.
Knowledge1: Ernst Gerhardt Timme (June 23, 1843 – April 1, 1923) was a German American immigrant, farmer, and Republican politician. He was the 13th Secretary of State of Wisconsin (1882&ndash;1891) and a member of the Wisconsin State Senate, representing Racine and Kenosha counties. He was a Union Army volunteer in the American Civil War and lost an arm at the Battle of Chickamauga. [sep] Knowledge2: Max Ernst: In 1912, he visited the Sonderbund exhibition in Cologne, where works by Pablo Picasso and post-Impressionists such as Vincent van Gogh and Paul Gauguin profoundly influenced him. His work was exhibited that year together with that of the Das Junge Rheinland group, at Galerie Feldman in Cologne, and then in several group exhibitions in 1913.[2] In his paintings of this period, Ernst adopted an ironic style that juxtaposed grotesque elements alongside Cubist and Expressionist motifs.[4]
Knowledge1:  He was educated at the gymnasium in Breslau, and studied medicine at the universities of Berlin, Zurich, and Breslau, graduating in 1868. From 1869 to 1872 he was assistant in the medical hospital at Breslau under Hermann Lebert; from 1872 to 1873 in the surgical hospital at Halle under Richard von Volkmann; and from 1873 to 1877 again at Breslau in the medical polyclinic, under Lebert and Michael Anton Biermer. He became privat-docent at Breslau University in 1876; an assistant professor at the University of Jena in 1877; and was called in 1888 to the University of Königsberg as a professor of medicine, his final position. In 1891, with Adolph Strümpell, Wilhelm Heinrich Erb and Friedrich Schultze (1848-1934), he founded the journal "Deutsche Zeitschrift für Nervenheilkunde". He was an expert on aphasia and developed an explanation of language processing in the brain, which was used as part of medical school training in neurology. Furthermore, he developed an early model about the functional principle of the (human) brain, the so-called Wernicke-Lichtheim Model. [sep] Knowledge2: Ludwig Lichtschein: Ludwig Lichtschein Hungarian: Lichtstein Lajos, Lichstein Lajos[1] (died 1886, Ofen) was a Hungarian rabbi. ; Ludwig Lichtschein: Lichtschein was born Komorn, studied at Pápa, and was rabbinical assessor of Austerlitz, Nagykanizsa, and Esztergom.[1] From 1876 until his death he was rabbi at Somogy-Csurgó.[1] ; Ludwig Lichtschein: Lichtschein was the author of the following works: ; Ludwig Lichtschein: This biographical article about a Hungarian rabbi is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Władysław Sławny (1907–1991) was a Polish photographer. [sep] Knowledge2: Władysław Sławny: Ses photos sont publiées dans les magazines VU et Regards.
Knowledge1: a sports hernia and underwent season-ending surgery. Kobel reached an injury settlement with the Eagles and was waived by the Philadelphia Eagles on August 28, 2007. Kobel signed a contract as a draft pick with Team Florida of the All-American Football League. Kobel signed with the New York Jets on June 9, 2009. He was waived on August 30. Craig Kobel Craig Kobel (born January 26, 1982) is a former American football linebacker. He was signed by the Utah Blaze as a free agent in 2006. He played college football at South Florida. Kobel has also been a member of [sep] Knowledge2: Walter Klaus Köbel – Wikipedia: On January 1, 1937, he was admitted as a member of the NSDAP under membership number 3.031.238. On August 28, 1939, he was called for military service. He was closed for a few weeks to put a note or on September 6, 1939 in front of the examination office at the Darmstadt Higher Regional Court with the first state examination with the grade “good”. For the legal clerkship at the Langen District Court, he was also due to the military service. On November 7, 1940, he wrote down again at the University of Frankfurt to do his doctorate with Professor Friedrich Giese. He was also temporarily permitted the service at the Wehrmacht for this doctorate. With the doctoral thesis The legal form of the winter aid plant he became Dr. in 1941 jur. PhD. In March 1942 he joined the Nazi Right of Rights.
Knowledge1: As of 6 September 2009 [sep] Knowledge2: John Barnes: He appeared on Russell Howard's Good News best bits show on Thursday, 15 December 2011, as his Mystery Guest. In the show he was dressed as Santa Claus and along with Russell Howard he performed his famous rap from New Order's "World in Motion".[citation needed] ; John Barnes (disambiguation): John Barnes may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Adil Shamoo  Adil E. Shamoo (born August 1, 1941) is an Iraqi biochemist with an interest in biomedical ethics and foreign policy. He is currently a professor at the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Maryland. [sep] Knowledge2: Adil Shamoo: Adil E. Shamoo (born August 1, 1941) is an Iraqi biochemist with an interest in biomedical ethics and foreign policy.  He is currently a professor at the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the University of Maryland. ; Adil Shamoo: In 1998, he founded the journal Accountability in Research, and has served as its editor-in-chief since its inception. He is on the editorial boards of several other journals, including the Drug Information Journal. From 2000 to 2002, he served on the advisory committee for National Human Research Protections. Although he has an extensive list of publications in the fields of biochemistry and microbiology, he is currently busied by his work as an analyst for Foreign Policy In Focus, a project of the Institute for Policy Studies, a think tank, to which he has been contributing since 2005. Shamoo has also authored and co-authored many op-eds on U.S. foreign policy that have been published in newspapers across the country. ; Adil Shamoo: Shamoo is also currently occupied with his work in the field of ethics. Since 1991, he has taught a graduate course at the University of Maryland entitled "Responsible Conduct of Research". In 1995, he co-founded the human rights organization, Citizens for Responsible Care and Research (CIRCARE). In 2003, he chaired a Special Issue GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals' Ethics Advisory Group.[clarification needed] Shamoo was then appointed to the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board (AFEB) of the United States Department of Defense as ethics consultant (2003–2004). Because he served as chairman on nine international conferences in ethics in research and human research protection, he was asked to testify before a congressional committee and the National Bioethics Advisory Commission. Since 2006, he has served on the Defense Health Board. And from 2006 to 2007,Shamoo was a member of the new Maryland Governor's Higher Education Transition Working Group. He was an invited participant and presenter in the 2007 New Year Renaissance Weekend. ; Adil Shamoo: Shamoo has held visiting professorships at the Institute for Political Studies in Paris, France and at East Carolina University. ; Adil Shamoo: Shamoo has been cited and/or appeared frequently in local and national media both print and television.[1] He has published numerous articles and books.[2]
Knowledge1: Paddy Mulvany  Patrick F. Mulvany (born 1940) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played for club side Skryne and at inter-county level with the Meath senior football team. He usually lined out as a right corner-forward. [sep] Knowledge2: Patrick Mulvany: Patrick James Mulvany (2 July 1871 – 16 May 1951) was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1923 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath constituency.[1] He did not contest the June 1927 general election.[2] ; Patrick Mulvany: This article about a Teachta Dála (TD) – a member of Dáil Éireann – is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Arcangelo Ghisleri  Arcangelo Ghisleri (5 September 1855 – 19 August 1938) was an Italian geographer, writer, and Socialist politician.  Ghisleri was born in the "comune" of Persico Dosimo (in today's province of Cremona).  A well known geographer by profession, he created numerous maps of Africa. As a journalist, he was part of a wave of philosophically positivist and politically progressive writers who carried the mantle of Mazzini's republican nationalism in the late 19th century. From 1887 to 1890 he founded and edited the review 'Cuore e Critica' which, together with the journals "La rivista repubblicana" and "L'educazione politica", was important in defining the republican ideology of the times. Politically, Ghisleri was close to the revolutionary movements of his time: in 1895 he was one of the founders of the Italian Republican Party.  His friend and fellow radical and Freemason Filippo Turati took over the journal in 1891 and renamed it Critica Sociale, moving it quickly into a socialist direction. In 1867, Ghisleri founded the "Società di Liberi Pensatori" (Society of the Free Thinkers) in Cremona, on behalf of the Grand Master Giuseppe Garibaldi, together with Mauro Macchi and Ausonio Franchi. In 1879, he was a co-founder of the Masonic Lodge "Pontida" in Bergamo that he joyned until 1906 when he was initiated to the regular lodge "Carlo Cattaneo" in Milan.  Ghisleri was not a systematic ideologist: a systematic version of his republican ideology is best exemplified in the work of Giovanni Conti.  Ghisleri died in Bergamo in 1938. [sep] Knowledge2: Arcangelo Ghisleri:  Arcangelo Ghisleri (5 September 1855 – 19 August 1938) was an Italian geographer, writer, and Socialist politician. ; Arcangelo Ghisleri: Ghisleri was born in the comune of Persico Dosimo (in today's province of Cremona). ; Arcangelo Ghisleri: A well known geographer by profession, he created numerous maps of Africa.  As a journalist, he was part of a wave of philosophically positivist and politically progressive writers who carried the mantle of Mazzini's republican nationalism in the late 19th century. From 1887 to 1890 he founded and edited the review 'Cuore e Critica' which, together with the journals La rivista repubblicana and  L'educazione politica, was important in defining the republican ideology of the times. Politically, Ghisleri was close to the revolutionary movements of his time: in 1895 he was one of the founders of the Italian Republican Party. ; Arcangelo Ghisleri: His friend and fellow radical and Freemason Filippo Turati took over the journal in 1891 and renamed it Critica Sociale, moving it quickly into a socialist direction. In 1867, Ghisleri founded the Società di Liberi Pensatori (Society of the Free Thinkers) in Cremona, on behalf of the Grand Master Giuseppe Garibaldi, together with Mauro Macchi and Ausonio Franchi.[1][2] In 1879, he was a co-founder of the Masonic Lodge "Pontida" in Bergamo[3] that he joyned until 1906 when he was initiated to the regular lodge "Carlo Cattaneo" in Milan.[4][5] ; Arcangelo Ghisleri: Ghisleri died in Bergamo in 1938.
Knowledge1:  Giora Eiland (גיורא איילנד; born 1952 in moshav Kfar Hess) is Major General (ret.) Israel Defense Forces. Eiland is a former head of the Israeli National Security Council. After his retirement from the public sector, he was a senior research associate at the Institute for National Security Studies (INSS). Eiland is a frequent commentator and contributor on international security matters on local and foreign media. In 2007 he founded a consulting company of national security and strategic services for governments and multinational organizations. He holds an M.B.A. and B.A. in economics from Bar Ilan University. [sep] Knowledge2: Giora Godik: Giora Godik (1921–1977) was a Polish-born Jewish Israeli theater producer and impresario, famous for bringing musical comedies to Israel.  Called the "King of musicals," the 2007 film documentary, "Waiting for Godik", tells the story of his rise and fall from one of the most "legendary" theater figures in Israel—someone who "endeavored...to bring the American dream to Tel Aviv", to someone destitute, who hit bottom. He "skyrocketed to the top and plummeted to the lowest depths." ; Giora Godik: Godik entered Israeli show business in the mid-1950s as an impresario specializing in the import of foreign entertainers.[1]  Among the individual performers brought to Israel was Marlene Dietrich, who told Meyer Weisgal in 1960 that she would like to him to arrange a visit for her to Israel and perform there simply for the cost of her transportation.[2]  Weisgal relates that he chose Godik, who was so happy with the idea that he immediately flew to Paris to make the arrangements.  Her performance was an outstanding success, with fourteen curtain calls. At the end, she said to the audience, "We have suffered, you and I, during those terrible years [of the Holocaust].  If there is any consolation or comfort for the incalculable suffering of your people and my people, your warmth and affection has restored in me my faith in humanity. I love you dearly."[2] ; Giora Godik: Giora Godik later specialized in "lavish production of international musicals," produced for the Israeli stage.  His productions included Hebrew-language versions of musicals including My Fair Lady,(1964), The King and I, Man of La Mancha, and Fiddler on the Roof.[3] ; Giora Godik: The Hebrew version of Fiddler on the Roof was so successful that Godik decided to produce a second version, this time in Yiddish, the language in which the original Shalom Aleichem stories upon which the musical was based were written. With this Yiddish production, based on the translation of Shraga Friedman, "Tevye had come full circle and returned to his mameloshn ("mother-tongue")."[4] ; Giora Godik: The productions mounted by Godik made such an impression of Israeli theater goers that the newspaper Ha’aretz credited Godik as "being a primary force in Israel’s emulation of American culture".[5]
Knowledge1:  Challis was a Tasmanian and started his career at Launceston, where he was a premiership player in 1909 and regular NTFA representative at the State Championships. He also represented Tasmania at the 1911 Adelaide Carnival, participating in their famous win over Western Australia. During this time he played mainly as a half forward or rover but when he was lured to Carlton in 1912 he soon established himself as a wingman. It was in that position that he starred in Carlton's 1915 premiership team. He almost missed out on the chance to win a premiership as he had attempted to join the army at the beginning of the season, only to be refused because his toes overlapped. [sep] Knowledge2: Thomas Challis:  Thomas Challis (1 July 1794 – 20 August 1874) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician who held office as a Member of Parliament and as Lord Mayor of London. ; Thomas Challis: Born in the City of London, he was a hide merchant with business premises in the Bermondsey area of south London, and also was a skin broker in Finsbury.[1] ; Thomas Challis: Challis was elected an alderman for Cripplegate Ward in 1844, an office he held until his death aged 80, when he was the senior member of the court of aldermen of the City of London.[2] In 1846-47 he held the office of Sheriff of London and Middlesex and was Lord Mayor of London in 1856–57.[3] ; Thomas Challis: In June 1852 a general election was called and a group of 500 electors in the Clerkenwell area presented a petition to Challis requesting that he stand for election to parliament for the constituency of Finsbury.[5] He consented to become a candidate, declaring that if elected he would "exercise his own judgement, and, opposing all class legislation, he should make truth the basis of his conduct, and the happiness of the people his object."[6] There were three candidates for the two-seat constituency, and Challis was elected along with his fellow Liberal, Thomas Slingsby Duncombe.[7] He served a single term, standing down at the next general election in 1857. ; Thomas Challis: On Michaelmas Day 1852 Challis was elected by the Corporation of London as Lord Mayor of London.[8] He took office on 9 November, although the traditional Lord Mayor's Show was not held as the City was preparing to hold the state funeral of the Duke of Wellington.[9]
Knowledge1:  Butson was born in Hankow, China of British parents on 24 October 1922. He was educated in England at Leighton Park School and then at the University of Cambridge and University College Hospital, graduating MB, BChir in 1945. He served in the Home Guard and a Light Rescue Squad in London during the Blitz and as a Medical Officer with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in the Antarctic from 1946 to 1948. During his year in Antarctica, the expedition found a route for dog teams over the 5,000-foot high mountains of the Grahamland Peninsula and surveyed the last thousand miles of the most inaccessible coastline of the world. For Bravery and Distinguished Service in Antarctica, Butson was awarded [sep] Knowledge2: Christopher Butson: Christopher Butson[1] was a Church of Ireland bishop in the first half of the 19th century.[2] ;  Christopher Butson DD (1747 - 1836) : Christopher was born in 1747. He was the son of John Butson of London a gentleman who owned the property upon which the well-known Astley's Amphitheatre was afterwards erected. ;  Christopher Butson DD (1747 - 1836) : At nine years of age he was sent to the school of Dr. Lydiatt, at Warwick. ;  Christopher Butson DD (1747 - 1836) : He received his early education at Winchester school and was admitted to Trinity College, Oxford on 22 January 1767, aged 17, receiving a B.A. in 1772 from New College. [1] Later M.A. and B.D. 1787, D.D. 1789 from Trinity College, Dublin. [2] ;  Christopher Butson DD (1747 - 1836) : He became a Fellow of New College and was a man of considerable talent and taste; was a good classical scholar; and while at the University in 1771 he gained the Chancellor's prize for an English poem " On the Love of our Country ;" a composition which was considered to have a high degree of merit.
Knowledge1: Rich Brightman (born April 17, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter. He was born in Bay Shore, New York and raised on Long Island. Rich started writing songs on guitar in his childhood bedroom on Long Island before after dropping on music theory classes at Bay Shore High School and started to learn audio and mix engineering the school's recording studio during study hall, lunch, and his after school hours. Rich's mother, Sherry Brightman, gifted him a MacBook Pro for his high school graduation. Rich saved his high school graduation money along with his summer job earnings to buy studio equipment of his own to start work on his debut self-titled album. Rich released his first single "Lighter Than Air" on August 7, 2009 later releasing his first full self-titled album Rich Brightman on July 23, 2010. Rich attended Salve Regina University while writing his second album "II" released November 29, 2013 featuring rock alternative/pop tracks. During 2014–2016 Rich worked on his third release "III" which was released on Christmas Eve 2016 Rich Brightman  Rich Brightman (born April 17, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter. He was born in Bay Shore, New York and raised on Long Island. Rich started writing songs on guitar in his childhood bedroom on Long Island before after dropping on music theory classes at Bay Shore High School and started to learn audio and mix engineering the school's recording studio during study hall, lunch, and his after school hours.  Rich's mother, Sherry Brightman, gifted him a MacBook Pro for his high school graduation. Rich saved his high school graduation money along with his summer job earnings to buy studio equipment of his own to start work on his debut self-titled album. Rich released his first single ""Lighter Than Air"" on August 7, 2009 later releasing his first full self-titled album Rich Brightman on July 23, 2010. Rich attended Salve Regina University while writing his second album ""II"" released November 29, 2013 featuring rock alternative/pop tracks. During 2014–2016 Rich worked on his third release "III" which was released on Christmas Eve 2016 [sep] Knowledge2: Rich Brightman: Rich Brightman (born April 17, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter.[1] He was born in Bay Shore, New York and raised on Long Island. Rich started writing songs on guitar in his childhood bedroom on Long Island before after dropping on music theory classes at Bay Shore High School and started to learn audio and mix engineering the school's recording studio during study hall, lunch, and his after school hours.[2] ; Rich Brightman: Rich's mother, Sherry Brightman, gifted him a MacBook Pro for his high school graduation. Rich saved his high school graduation money along with his summer job earnings to buy studio equipment of his own to start work on his debut self-titled album. Rich released his first single "Lighter Than Air" on August 7, 2009 later releasing his first full self-titled album Rich Brightman on July 23, 2010. Rich attended Salve Regina University while writing his second album "II" released November 29, 2013 featuring rock alternative/pop tracks.[3][4] During 2014–2016 Rich worked on his third release "III" which was released on Christmas Eve 2016[5] ; Rich Brightman: Source:[6] ; Rich Brightman: Source:[6][7] ; Rich Brightman: Source:[6][8]
Knowledge1: Franz Seitz Sr. (14 April 1887 &ndash; 7 March 1952) was a German film director and screenwriter. He directed 59 films between 1920 and 1951. His son Franz Seitz Jr. was a film producer.   Seitz was a native of Munich, Bavaria, son of Johann Baptist Seitz. He studied at the Munich Academy of Art under Joseph Schlotthauer and afterwards worked independently as a lithographer and engraver. In 1848 he took over the artistic direction of the satirical newspaper Leuchtkugeln. From 1855 he was the costume director of the Munich Hoftheater. In 1858 he was appointed professor at the Academy of Art. In 1869 he was made artistic director of the Court Theatre (Hofbühne) and director of scenery at the Residenz Theatre, Munich. In 1876 he retired and was made an honorary Member of the Academy of Art. Franz von Seitz was buried in the Alter Südfriedhof in Munich.  Franz von Seitz, born Franz Seitz (31 December 1817 &ndash; 13 April 1883) was a German painter, lithographer, engraver and costume designer as well as an art teacher and theatre director. [sep] Knowledge2: Franz Seitz Sr.: Franz Seitz Sr. (14 April 1887 – 7 March 1952) was a German film director and screenwriter.[1] He directed 59 films between 1920 and 1951. His son Franz Seitz Jr. was a film producer.  ; Franz Seitz Sr.: In 1933, he directed S.A.-Mann Brand, one of the first propaganda films made after the instauration of the Nazi regime in Germany. While expounding the purported virtues of joining the ranks of the Nazi Party, the film is notable for the absence of any anti-Semitic themes.[2][3] ; Franz Seitz Sr.: This article about a German film director is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Franz Seitz Sr.: Franz Seitz Sr. (14 April 1887 – 7 March 1952) was a German film director and screenwriter.[1] He directed 59 films between 1920 and 1951. His son Franz Seitz Jr. was a film producer. ; Franz Seitz Sr.: In 1933, he directed S.A.-Mann Brand, one of the first propaganda films made after the instauration of the Nazi regime in Germany. While expounding the purported virtues of joining the ranks of the Nazi Party, the film is notable for the absence of any anti-Semitic themes.[2][3]
Knowledge1: Frederick Dundas (14 June 1802 – 26 October 1872) was a British politician. [sep] Knowledge2: Frederick Dundas: Frederick Dundas (14 June 1802 – 26 October 1872) was a British politician. ; Frederick Dundas: Dundas was the son of the Hon. Charles Dundas, Member of Parliament for Malton, younger son of Thomas Dundas, 1st Baron Dundas. His mother was Lady Caroline, daughter of Aubrey Beauclerk, 5th Duke of St Albans. ; Frederick Dundas: Dundas was returned to Parliament for Orkney and Shetland in 1837, a seat he held until 1847 and again between 1852 and 1872. ; Frederick Dundas: Dundas married Grace, daughter of Sir Ralph Gore, 7th Baronet, on 2 June 1847. She died on 15 January 1868. Dundas survived her by four years and died on 26 October 1872, aged 70. ; Frederick Dundas: Frederick Dundas (* 14. Januar 1802 in Hampton (London) in der Grafschaft Middlesex; † 26. Oktober 1872 in London[1]) war ein britischer Politiker der Liberal Party.[2]
Knowledge1: Olav Trygveson Laake (born 20 October 1934) was a Norwegian judge and politician for the Labour Party. He was born in Ullensaker. He had his own lawyer's office from 1963 to 1976, and from 2007 to 2023, since 1964 as a barrister with access to working with Supreme Court cases. He served as a judge in Stavanger District Court from 1976, and from 1990 to 2004 as district stipendiary magistrate (chief justice). He also chaired the Norwegian Association of Judges from 1989 to 1995. In politics, he served as a member of Stavanger city council from 1963 to 1987, and also Rogaland county council between 1971 and 1975. He chaired his local party chapter in Stavanger from 1969 to 1975. [sep] Knowledge2: Olav T. Laake: Olav Trygveson Laake (born 20 October 1934) was a Norwegian judge and politician for the Labour Party. ; Olav T. Laake: He was born in Ullensaker. He had his own lawyer's office from 1963 to 1976, and from 2007 to 2023, since 1964 as a barrister with access to working with Supreme Court cases. He served as a judge in Stavanger District Court from 1976, and from 1990 to 2004 as district stipendiary magistrate (chief justice). He also chaired the Norwegian Association of Judges from 1989 to 1995.[1] ; Olav T. Laake: In politics, he served as a member of Stavanger city council from 1963 to 1987, and also Rogaland county council between 1971 and 1975. He chaired his local party chapter in Stavanger from 1969 to 1975.[1] ; Olav T. Laake: This Norwegian law-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Olav T. Laake: This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Eliza Lawrence (November 11, 1935 &ndash; July 24, 2016) was a Canadian territorial level politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1983 until 1987. Born in Fort Resolution, Northwest Territories in 1935, she was the third eldest in a family of 17 children. She helped care for her siblings and worked as a nurse and nutritional educator after training in what was then the capital of the NWT, Fort Smith. Her nursing work brought her to Fort Resolution, Edmonton, including three years at the cities Charles Camsell Hospital (1956–59) as a nursing assistant, and Yellowknife among other communities. At age 24, she met Harry Lawrence to whom she was married for 56 years, raising three daughters. She was one of the founders of the Native Women's Association   the NWT (1977), and a well-known dancer with the Métis Reelers. She loved to sew and people would congregate at her camping site at the Lac Ste. Anne pilgrimage where she would feed them her famous bannock. She was a descendant of the Métis leader François Beaulieu II. Proud of her Dënesųłiné heritage, she was a fluent speaker of the Chipewyan language. Eliza Lawrence was elected to the a seat in the Northwest Territories Legislature when she ran as a candidate in the 1983 Northwest Territories general election. She won the new electoral district of Tu Nedhe. She served a single term in the Legislative Assembly until 1987. After this, she worked as a manager in the territorial government. She died on July 24, 2016 in Grande Prairie, Alberta, aged 80 years. [sep] Knowledge2: Eliza Lawrence:  Eliza Lawrence (November 11, 1935 – July 24, 2016) was a Canadian territorial level politician and member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1983 until 1987. ; Eliza Lawrence: Born in Fort Resolution, Northwest Territories in 1935,[1] she was the third eldest in a family of 17 children.[2] She helped care for her siblings and worked as a nurse and nutritional educator after training in what was then the capital of the NWT, Fort Smith. Her nursing work brought her to Fort Resolution, Edmonton, including three years at the cities Charles Camsell Hospital (1956–59) as a nursing assistant,[3] and Yellowknife among other communities. At age 24, she met Harry Lawrence to whom she was married for 56 years, raising three daughters. She was one of the founders of the Native Women's Association of the NWT (1977),[4] and a well-known dancer with the Métis Reelers. She loved to sew and people would congregate at her camping site at the Lac Ste. Anne pilgrimage where she would feed them her famous bannock. She was a descendant of the Métis leader François Beaulieu II. Proud of her Dënesųłiné heritage, she was a fluent speaker of the Chipewyan language. ; Eliza Lawrence: Eliza Lawrence was elected to the a seat in the Northwest Territories Legislature when she ran as a candidate in the 1983 Northwest Territories general election. She won the new electoral district of Tu Nedhe. She served a single term in the Legislative Assembly until 1987. After this, she worked as a manager in the territorial government.[5] ; Eliza Lawrence: She died on July 24, 2016, in Grande Prairie, Alberta, aged 80 years.[2] ; Eliza Lawrence: This article about a Northwest Territories politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Charles Combe FRS M.D. (1743–1817) was an English physician and numismatist.  Charles Harvey Combe (18 February 1863 – 14 August 1935) was a Conservative Member of Parliament from 1892 and 1897 for the English constituency of Chertsey. Combe was raised at Cobham Park. He was educated at Eton. Afterwards he travelled for three years, visiting many countries of the world. He served for three years in the Sussex Militia. [sep] Knowledge2: Charles Combe:  Charles Combe FRS M.D. (1743–1817) was an English physician and numismatist. ; Charles Combe: He was born on 23 September 1743, in Southampton Street, Bloomsbury, London where his father, John Combe, carried on business as an apothecary. He was educated at Harrow School, and among his schoolfellows were Sir William Jones and Samuel Parr. He rose to the sixth form, but did not proceed to university.[1] ; Charles Combe: Coming to London, he studied medicine, and on his father's death in 1768 succeeded to his business. In 1783, the degree of doctor of medicine was conferred on him by the University of Glasgow, and he began to practise as an obstetric physician. On 5 April 1784, he was admitted by the Royal College of Physicians a licentiate in midwifery; on 30 June, he was nominated a governor of St. Bartholomew's Hospital. In 1789, he was chosen physician to the British Lying-In Hospital in Brownlow Street, and on resigning the post in 1810 was appointed consulting physician to the institution. He had also a substantial private practice, and made a collection in materia medica, which was purchased by the College of Physicians shortly after his death.[1] ; Charles Combe: Combe was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London on 10 January 1771, and a Fellow of the Royal Society on 11 January 1776. He died, after a short illness, at his house in Vernon Place, Bloomsbury Square, on 18 March 1817, in the seventy-fourth year of his age, and was buried in Bloomsbury cemetery, Brunswick Square. A portrait of Combe was painted by Medley, and engraved by N. Branwhite.[1] ; Charles Combe: In 1788, Combe began to work with Henry Homer of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, on an edition of Horace, with variorum notes; Samuel Parr was also originally to have taken part in the work. Homer died before the first volume was completed, and Combe finished the work alone, which was published as ‘Q. Horatii Flacci Opera cum variis lectionibus, notis variorum et indice completissimo,’ 2 vols. 1792–3. Errors, especially in the Greek quotations in the notes, were severely commented on by Parr in the British Critic. Combe replied with ‘A Statement of Facts,’ &c., and was answered by Parr in ‘Remarks on the Statement of Dr. Charles Combe,’ 1795.[1]
Knowledge1: John D. Maurice is an American journalist. He won the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing for his editorials about the Kanawha County schoolbook controversy. Maurice worked as a reporter in Huntington, West Virginia, prior to joining the Daily Mail of Charleston, West Virginia, in 1938.  John Frederick Denison Maurice (29 August 1805 – 1 April 1872), known as F. D. Maurice, was an English Anglican theologian, a prolific author, and one of the founders of Christian socialism. Since World War II, interest in Maurice has expanded.  John Frederick Denison Maurice was born in Normanston, Suffolk, on 29 August 1805, the only son of Michael Maurice and his wife, Priscilla. Michael Maurice was the evening preacher in a Unitarian chapel. Deaths in the family brought about changes in the family's "religious convictions" and "vehement disagreement" between family members. Maurice later wrote about these disagreements and their effect on him: "My father was a Unitarian minister. He wished me to be one also. He had a strong feeling against the English Church, and against Cambridge as well as Oxford. My elder sisters, and ultimately my mother, abandoned Unitarianism. But [sep] Knowledge2: John D. Maurice: John D. Maurice is an American journalist.  He won the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing[1] for his editorials about the Kanawha County schoolbook controversy.[2] ; John D. Maurice: Maurice worked as a reporter in Huntington, West Virginia, prior to joining the Daily Mail of Charleston, West Virginia, in 1938.[1] ; John D. Maurice: This article about a United States journalist born in the 20th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; F. D. Maurice: John Frederick Denison Maurice (29 August 1805 – 1 April 1872) was an English Anglican theologian, a prolific author, and one of the founders of Christian socialism. Since the Second World War, interest in Maurice has expanded.[40] ; F. D. Maurice: John Frederick Denison Maurice was born in Normanston, Lowestoft,[41] Suffolk, on 29 August 1805, the only son of Michael Maurice and his wife, Priscilla. Michael Maurice was the evening preacher in a Unitarian chapel. Deaths in the family brought about changes in the family's "religious convictions" and "vehement disagreement" between family members.[42] Maurice later wrote about these disagreements and their effect on him:
Knowledge1: Raymond S. "Ray" Burton (August 13, 1939 &ndash; November 12, 2013) was a New Hampshire politician who served from 1977–79 and 1981–2013 on the Executive Council as the representative of District 1, or "The North Country". Known as the "Dean of the Council", Burton, a Republican, was the longest-serving Executive Councilor in New Hampshire history. Burton also served for 22 years as a Grafton County Commissioner, representing District 2. Burton lived in the town of Bath, New Hampshire, where he died on November 12, 2013.  Burton received his bachelor's degree from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1932. He received his master's degree in 1933 and Ph.D. in 1936 from Rutgers University.  Burton's publications include: [sep] Knowledge2: Raymond S. Burton: Raymond S. "Ray" Burton (August 13, 1939 – November 12, 2013) was a New Hampshire politician who served from 1977–79 and 1981–2013 on the Executive Council as the representative of District 1, or "The North Country". Known as the "Dean of the Council",[1] Burton, a Republican, was the longest-serving Executive Councilor in New Hampshire history.  Burton also served for 22 years as a Grafton County Commissioner, representing District 2. ; Raymond S. Burton: Burton lived in the town of Bath, New Hampshire, where he died on November 12, 2013.[2] ; Raymond S. Burton: This article about a New Hampshire politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Raymond S. Burton: Raymond S. "Ray" Burton (August 13, 1939 – November 12, 2013) was a New Hampshire politician who served from 1977–79 and 1981–2013 on the Executive Council as the representative of District 1, or "The North Country". Known as the "Dean of the Council",[1] Burton, a Republican, was the longest-serving Executive Councilor in New Hampshire history.  Burton also served for 22 years as a Grafton County Commissioner, representing District 2.; Raymond S. Burton: Burton lived in the town of Bath, New Hampshire, where he died on November 12, 2013.[2]
Knowledge1: Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer (12 August 1805, Bad Liebenwerda – 6 May 1844) was a German writer and philosopher. Together with Arnold Ruge, in 1838, he founded the Hallische Jahrbücher für Wissenschaft und Kunst, an organ of the Young Hegelians. [sep] Knowledge2: Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer: Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer (12 August 1805, in Bad Liebenwerda – 6 May 1844) was a German writer and philosopher.[1] Together with Arnold Ruge, in 1838, he founded the Hallische Jahrbücher für Wissenschaft und Kunst, an organ of the Young Hegelians.[2] ; Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer: This biography of a German philosopher is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Category:Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer: This category contains only the following file. ; Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer: Ernst Theodor Echtermeyer (12 August 1805, in Bad Liebenwerda – 6 May 1844) was a German writer and philosopher.[1] Together with Arnold Ruge, in 1838, he founded the Hallische Jahrbücher für Wissenschaft und Kunst, an organ of the Young Hegelians.[2]
Knowledge1: Debra Weeks is an American television producer, executive producer, director, and journalist. She is noted for her role in the development and direction of reality television.  Weeks returned to Hollywood as part of the startup team for Paramount Pictures tabloid television magazine series, Hard Copy. She ultimately became the series' Supervising Producer and Managing Editor, working with Peter Brennan and Burt Kearns. While at Hard Copy, Weeks covered and/or managed the teams reporting on entertainment as well as hard news stories, which included the 1993 child sexual abuse accusations against Michael Jackson, the Waco siege, the Northridge earthquake, the LA riots, and the 1993 Big Bayou Canot train wreck. Debra Weeks webradio interview ; Fox News interview on Most Daring series ; The Hollywood Reporter: Mark Cuban-Ryan Seacrest Channel Taps 'Hard Copy' Producer to Run Daily Live Show  Debra Weeks  Debra Weeks is an American television producer, executive producer, director, and journalist. She is noted for her role in the development and direction of reality television. [sep] Knowledge2: Debra Weeks: Debra Weeks is an American television producer, executive producer, director, and journalist.  She is noted for her role in the development and direction of reality television.[citation needed] ; Debra Weeks: Weeks began her career as journalist in 1982 with a degree in Broadcast Journalism from California State University Northridge. She wrote copy and read the news on radio stations in southern California and Nevada. Weeks began in television as a weather girl at KOLO-TV in Reno, NV, and later worked in Texas and New Mexico as a television news reporter, anchor, producer and managing editor. ; Debra Weeks: Weeks returned to Hollywood as part of the startup team for Paramount Pictures tabloid television magazine series, Hard Copy.  She ultimately became the series' Supervising Producer and Managing Editor, working with Peter Brennan and Burt Kearns. ; Debra Weeks: While at Hard Copy, Weeks covered and/or managed the teams reporting on entertainment as well as hard news stories, which included the 1993 child sexual abuse accusations against Michael Jackson,  the Waco siege, the Northridge earthquake, the LA riots, and the 1993 Big Bayou Canot train wreck. ; Debra Weeks: Moving into executive slots, Debra developed and produced multiple reality television projects for network and cable as the surge of reality programming began.
Knowledge1:  Feigl studied at the Prague Academy of Fine Arts with Vlaho Bukovac and Františka Thieleho. In 1906, he travelled through Europe with Emil Filla and Antonín Procházka. In Berlin he became familiar with the art of Max Liebermann. In 1907 he attended the first exhibition in Prague Group Eight. Feigl lived for a long time in Berlin and New York. He fled Prague in 1939 and settled in London, with his wife, where he died in 1965. His works are placed in galleries around the world. [sep] Knowledge2: Bedřich: Bedřich or Bedrich may refer to:
Knowledge1: Edward Gunasekara is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister. [sep] Knowledge2: Edward Gunasekara: Edward Gunasekara is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.[1][2] ; Edward Gunasekara: This article about a politician from Western Province, Sri Lanka is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Westcott was likely born in Cornwall, New York in 1769. He was the son of Justice Westcott and his wife Mary.  Westcott is known best for his book David Harum, a novel set in upstate New York. When he was afflicted with chronic tuberculosis in 1895, he was forced to take an extended leave from work, and during that period he wrote David Harum. The manuscript was rejected by several publishers before it came to Ripley Hitchcock at D. Appleton & Company in December 1897. With Westcott's permission Ripley made a few minor changes to the book which subsequently became a bestseller. David M. Westcott  Col. David Mandeville Westcott (ca. 1769 – April 21, 1841) was an American politician and newspaper editor from New York. [sep] Knowledge2: David M. Westcott: Col. David Mandeville Westcott (ca. 1769 – April 21, 1841) was an American politician and newspaper editor from New York. ; David M. Westcott: Westcott was likely born in Cornwall, New York in 1769.[1]  He was the son of Justice Westcott and his wife Mary.[2] ; David M. Westcott: In 1789, he moved to Goshen, and became co-editor of The Goshen Repository, and Weekly Intelligencer,[3] the first newspaper published in Goshen, founded in 1788 by David Mandeville.[1] ; David M. Westcott: He was a member of the New York State Assembly, representing Orange County, in 22nd New York State Legislature from July 1, 1798 to June 30, 1799. Westcott later served as the County Clerk of Orange County from 1815 to 1819, and from 1821 to 1822.  During the 51st New York State Legislature, he was again a member of the State Assembly, serving from January 1 to December 31, 1828.[4] ; David M. Westcott: Beginning on January 1, 1831, Westcott was a member of the New York State Senate, representing the 2nd District,[a] sitting in the 54th, 55th, 56th and 57th New York State Legislatures and serving until December 31, 1834.[4]
Knowledge1: James J. Silva (born December 14, 1984) is an American former college and professional football player who was a safety in the National Football League (NFL) for three seasons. He played college football for Boston College, and earned consensus All-American honors. He was signed by the Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Jo da Silva: Da Silva was elected as  Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng) in 2009.[20]
Knowledge1: Carsten Marensius Carlsen was born in Oslo, Norway. His parents were Anton Carlsen (1862–1943) and Louise Larsen (1876–1957). In 1917, he married singer and actress Lalla Carlsen. He was educated at the Oslo Conservatory of Music from 1909 to 1913, where he studied with Gustav Fredrik Lange (1861–1939) and Per Winge (1858–1935). He was awarded a state composer scholarship to study in Paris from 1921 to 1923. He was appointed kapellmeister at the Chat Noir from 1914 to 1938. He worked at the National Theatre of Norway from 1938 to 1941 followed by the Carl Johan Theater from 1941 to 1945.  Carsten Marensius Carlsen (5 June 1892 &ndash; 28 August 1961) was a Norwegian pianist and composer. June ; 5 – Carsten Carlsen, pianist and composer (died 1961).  Carsten Carlsen  Carsten Marensius Carlsen (5 June 1892 – 28 August 1961) was a Norwegian pianist and composer. [sep] Knowledge2: Carsten Carlsen: Carsten Marensius Carlsen (5 June 1892 – 28 August 1961) was a Norwegian pianist and composer.[1] ; Carsten Carlsen: Carsten Marensius Carlsen was born in Oslo, Norway. His parents were Anton Carlsen (1862–1943) and Louise Larsen (1876–1957).  In 1917, he married singer and actress Lalla Carlsen.[2] ; Carsten Carlsen: He was educated at the Oslo Conservatory of Music from 1909 to 1913, where he studied with Gustav Fredrik Lange (1861–1939) and Per Winge (1858–1935). He was awarded a state composer scholarship to study in Paris from 1921 to 1923. He was appointed kapellmeister at the Chat Noir from 1914 to 1938. He worked at the National Theatre of Norway from 1938 to 1941 followed by the Carl Johan Theater from 1941 to 1945.[3][4][5][6]
Knowledge1: Goos attended the Johanneum Gymnasium in Hamburg, from where he graduated with a high school diploma in March 1902. Until April 1903 he then worked in the machine factory Wimmel & Landgraf in Hamburg. In October 1903 he began to study mathematics and science at the Königlichen Technischen Hochschule (Royal Institute of Technology, now Technical University of Berlin) in Berlin. In March 1905 he joined the University of Bonn in the summer semester to study astronomy and mathematics. In the following winter semester, he continued his studies in Berlin, but in April 1906 went back to Bonn, where he earned a doctorate degree in astronomy in 1908. After graduating, he became an assistant at   Hermann Fritz Gustav Goos (11 January 1883 – 18 May 1968) was a German physicist and astronomer.  Observatory, and in 1909 he became an assistant at the Hamburg Observatory. From 1911 he worked at the Physical State Institute (founded in 1885 as the Physical State Laboratory) in Hamburg, where he worked as an assistant professor (Wissenschaftlicher Rat) until 1948. As an adjunct professor at the University of Hamburg, Goos worked in the area of optical spectroscopy. He investigated the emission and absorption properties of various objects such as the electric arc or thin metal layers (of metals such as silver and gold) in the optical, infrared and ultraviolet spectral ranges. At the end of 1912, he discovered a systematic dependence of the wavelengths in the spectrum of an arc on  Fritz Goos  Hermann Fritz Gustav Goos (11 January 1883 – 18 May 1968) was a German physicist and astronomer. [sep] Knowledge2: Fritz Goos: Hermann Fritz Gustav Goos (11 January 1883 – 18 May 1968) was a German physicist and astronomer.[1] ; Fritz Goos: Goos attended the Johanneum Gymnasium in Hamburg, from where he graduated with a high school diploma in March 1902. Until April 1903 he then worked in the machine factory Wimmel & Landgraf in  Hamburg. In October 1903 he began to study mathematics and science at the Königlichen Technischen Hochschule (Royal Institute of Technology, now Technical University of Berlin) in Berlin. In March 1905 he joined the University of Bonn in the summer semester to study astronomy and mathematics. In the following winter semester, he continued his studies in Berlin, but in April 1906 went back to Bonn, where he earned a doctorate degree in astronomy in 1908.[2] ; Fritz Goos: After graduating, he became an assistant at Bonn Observatory, and in 1909 he became an assistant at the Hamburg Observatory. From 1911 he worked at the Physical State Institute (founded in 1885 as the Physical State Laboratory) in Hamburg, where he worked as an assistant professor (Wissenschaftlicher Rat) until 1948.[3] ; Fritz Goos: As an adjunct professor at the University of Hamburg, Goos worked in the area of optical spectroscopy. He investigated the emission and absorption properties  of various objects such as the electric arc or thin metal layers (of metals such as silver and gold) in the optical, infrared and ultraviolet spectral ranges.[4][5] At the end of 1912, he discovered a systematic dependence of the wavelengths in the spectrum of an arc on its length and its electrical parameters such as the current used. In the spring of 1913, he was able to confirm these observations in the better-equipped laboratory of Heinrich Kayser in Bonn.[6] Goos also investigated the effect of light on phosphors and worked on the detection of light by a microphotometer.[7][8] ; Fritz Goos: One of Goos' best known works is the experimental evidence of displacement of a totally reflected light beam, work he did together with his doctoral student Hilda Hänchen (later Hilda Lindberg-Hänchen). This phenomenon is called the Goos-Hänchen effect.[9][10]
Knowledge1: Meanings of minor planet names: 2001–3000 [sep] Knowledge2: Alexander Gadolin: Alexander Wilhelm (A. W.) Gadolin (8. heinäkuuta 1868 Porvoon mlk – 2. kesäkuuta 1939 Turku)[1] oli suomalainen juristi, professori ja valtiopäivämies.[2][3]
Knowledge1:  . [sep] Knowledge2: Levi P. Powers: Levi Parsons Powers (May 9, 1828 – September 24, 1888) was an American politician and lawyer. ; Levi P. Powers: Born in Marshfield, Vermont, Powers moved to Grand Rapids, Wisconsin in 1853, where he worked in logging and studied law. Powers was admitted to the Wisconsin Bar in 1853.[1] Powers became the political editor of the Grand Rapids Tribune when it was established in 1873.[1] He served as county clerk and as county judge.[1] Powers served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1863. He died in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin.[2][3] ; Levi P. Powers: This article about a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Levi Strauss: In 1994, he was inducted into the Hall of Great Westerners of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.[21]
Knowledge1:  John Strange (1732–1799) was an English diplomat and author. [sep] Knowledge2: John Strange (diplomat):  John Strange (1732–1799) was an English diplomat and author. ; John Strange (diplomat): He was the second and only surviving son of Sir John Strange, by his wife Susan, eldest daughter of Edward Strong of Greenwich, born at Barnet in 1732. He was educated privately and at Clare Hall, Cambridge where he was admitted a fellow-commoner in 1751; he graduated M.A. in 1755. On his father's death he saw through the press the volume of Reports published in 1755. He was left very well off, and on leaving Cambridge travelled extensively in the south of France and Italy.[1][2] ; John Strange (diplomat): Developing a taste for science and archaeology, Strange was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 10 April, and admitted to the Royal Society on 24 April 1766. Shortly afterwards he was elected F.S.A., and as the result of a summer spent in South Wales in 1768, he contributed to the first number of the Archæologia "An Account of Roman Remains in and near the City of Brecknock". In 1771 he made an archaeological tour in the north of Italy. At Padua he formed the acquaintance of Alberto Fortis, who had recently returned from an exploration of Zara, Spalato, and other towns upon the Dalmatian coast. In November 1773 he was appointed British resident at Venice, where his official duties left leisure for the pursuit of his antiquarian studies. He resigned his diplomatic post in 1788, and settled at Ridge, near Barnet. But he paid several further visits to Italy in connection with the transportation of the collections that he had formed there, of books, manuscripts, antiquities, and pictures, chiefly by Bellini and other Venetian masters. On 4 July 1793 he was created an honorary D.C.L. at Oxford. He died at Ridge on 19 March 1799.[1][3] ; John Strange (diplomat): From information supplied by Alberto Fortis, Strange made communications to the Society of Antiquaries upon the Roman inscriptions and antiquities of Dalmatia and Istria, an area then little known in Western Europe. In addition to further communications to the Archæologia, Strange contributed a number of papers to the Philosophical Transactions, including "An Account of the Origin of Natural Paper found near Cortona in Tuscany" (vol. lix.). This was translated into Italian, and considerably expanded in "Lettera sopra l'origine della carta naturale di Cortona" (Pisa, 1764, and again, enlarged, 1765); "An Account of some Specimens of Sponges from Italy" (March 1770, lx. 177, with several plates from his drawings). This appeared in Italian as "Lettera del Signor Giovanni Strange, contenente la descrizione di alcune spugne" (ap. Olivi, Zoologica Adriatica, 1792, 4to); "An Account of a Curious Giant's Causeway newly discovered in the Euganean Hills, near Padua" (1775, lxv. 4, 418); an Italian version appeared at Milan, 1778, 4to; and "An Account of the Tides in the Adriatic" (vol. lxvii.). Several of his papers were also printed in the Opuscoli scelti sulle scienze (1778, &c.); and his geological papers appeared in Weber's Mineralogische Beschreibungen (Berne, 1792).[1] ; John Strange (diplomat): By his will, Strange directed all of his collections to be sold—the pictures by private contract; the prints, drawings, busts, coins, medals, bronzes, and antiquities by Christie's; the natural history cabinets by King, and the library by Leigh & Sotheby's. The sale of the library alone occupied 29 days in March and April 1801. A catalogue was compiled by Samuel Paterson (Dibdin, Bibliomania, p. 590).[1]
Knowledge1:  Walter was the son and heir of the MP Sir Edmund de la Pole and his second wife. Walter de la Pole  Sir Walter de la Pole (November 1371 – 1434), of Dernford in Sawston, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician. [sep] Knowledge2: Walter de la Pole:  Sir Walter de la Pole (November 1371 – 1434), of Dernford in Sawston, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.;  Walter (Pole) de la Pole (abt. 1371 - 1434) : Sir Walter de la Pole (1371-1434) was the son of Sir Edmund de la Pole by his 2nd wife Maud Lovet. He m.(1) Elizabeth Bradestone da. of Thomas Bradestone and Ella St. Loe bef. Nov 1387 and (2) Margaret Heveningham, (d. 1472/3) da. of Sir John Heveningham.[1] ;  Walter (Pole) de la Pole (abt. 1371 - 1434) : He was knighted betw. Nov 1387 and Aug 1389. Constable of Ire. 10 June 1407-c. Mar. 1413. He was both a JP and Knight of the Shire for Cambridge seven times, the last in the Parliament of 1427-8. He was Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire 1417-18, 1423-26 and 1428-30. ;  Walter (Pole) de la Pole (abt. 1371 - 1434) :  He died 2 July 1434, his heir was his grandson Edmund Ingoldisthorpe and his 2nd wife married John Golafre of Fyfield, the widower of Sir Walter's half-sister Elizabeth) and died nearly 40 years after his death.[2] ;  Walter (Pole) de la Pole (abt. 1371 - 1434) : Have you taken a DNA test? If so, login to add it. If not, see our friends at Ancestry DNA.
Knowledge1: Kyaw Swe was born in Myaing, Magway Region, Myanmar on 1 December 1960. He graduated with B.A (Myanmar). His former work is School teacher.  Kyaw Swe (ကျော်ဆွေ; born 1 December 1979) is a Burmese politician who currently serves as a House of Nationalities member of parliament for Magway Region No. 11 constituency. He is a member of the National League for Democracy.  Kyaw Swe was born on 27 November 1959 to Mya Soe and Daw Kyi in Thepyintaw, Kyaukpadaung Township, Mandalay Division (now Mandalay Region, Myanmar). Kyaw Swe (actor)  Kyaw Swe (, ; 10 February 1924 – 15 August 1982) was a Burmese actor and film director. [sep] Knowledge2: Kyaw Swe (minister): Kyaw Swe was born on 27 November 1959 to Mya Soe and Daw Kyi in Thepyintaw, Kyaukpadaung Township, Mandalay Division (now Mandalay Region, Myanmar).[2] ; Kyaw Swe (actor): Kyaw Swe (Burmese: ကျော်ဆွေ, pronounced [tɕɔ̀ sʰwè]; 10 February 1924 – 15 August 1982) was a Burmese actor and film director. ; Kyaw Swe (actor): Kyaw Swe was born Maw Ni in 1924 in Yangon to U Ba Nit and Daw Ohn Sein. He attended the St. John's High School, and during World War II he was chief of law in Bago. He joined BDA during the war. He entered into film around 1945. He became a film actor, changing his name to Kyaw Swe, and appeared in the film Saw Ya San Sha, a silent film, directed by Ba Shin. It was produced by the British-Burma Film company (later, "Nyunt Myanmar" ). ; Kyaw Swe (actor): He moved to the A-One Film Company and he starred in the films of "Bogyoke", "Ta Thwe Ta Mya", and "Ahtauttaw" and "Chit Ye Baw" directed by Chin Sein (Shwe Nyar Maung). He also starred in "Bo Aung Din" and "Thar Bo Aung Din" directed by Shwe Don Bi Aung, "The Hsaung Hayman" directed by Thukha, "Phyay Yort Khway" directed by Chit Khin, "Min Aung Min Naung" directed by Aung Gyi and "Hpuza Nit Khine" directed by Hla Oo (Lu-Gyan Hla Maung Lay) for the British Burma Company. ; Kyaw Swe (politician): Kyaw Swe (Burmese: ကျော်ဆွေ; born 1 December 1979) is a Burmese politician who currently serves as a House of Nationalities member of parliament for Magway Region No. 11 constituency. He is a member of the National League for Democracy.[1]
Knowledge1: Paul Caillaud  Paul Caillaud (14 September 1917 in La Copechagnière – 15 August 2008) was a French pharmacist and politician. He represented the Independent Republicans (from 1962 to 1978) and the Union for French Democracy (from 1978 to 1981) in the National Assembly. He was the mayor of La Roche-sur-Yon from 1961 to 1977. [sep] Knowledge2: Paul Caillaud: Paul Caillaud (14 September 1917  – 15 August 2008) was a French pharmacist and politician. He represented the Independent Republicans (from 1962 to 1978) and the Union for French Democracy (from 1978 to 1981) in the National Assembly.[1] He was the mayor of La Roche-sur-Yon from 1961 to 1977. ; Paul Caillaud: On 16 December 1961, Caillaud was elected mayor of La Roche-sur-Yon. He remained in this position until 14 March 1977, when Socialist Party candidate Jacques Auxiette became mayor.[citation needed] ; Paul Caillaud: In 1967, he was elected to Vendée at the expense of incumbent Lionel de Tinguy du Pouët. He was reelected in 1968 in 1973 and 1978. He first served under the label of the Independent Republicans before joining the Union for French Democracy in 1978. Candidate in 1981 as an alternate to Philippe Mestre, he then left the French National Assembly.[citation needed] ; Paul Caillaud: His brother, Martial Caillaud, was mayor of L'Herbergement from 1965 to 1987 and general counsel of canton de Rocheservière of 1973 to 1987.[citation needed] ; Paul Caillaud: His nephew Dominique Caillaud, son of the former, was mayor of Saint-Florent-des-Bois of 1977 to 2008, General Council of Vendée from 1988 to 2001, and a member of the second district of Vendee from 1997 to 2012.[citation needed]
Knowledge1:  In 1910 O'Flaherty moved to Achill where she opened St Colman’s Knitting Industries. These were based in Dooagh and provided local employment for women of the area for fifty years. She also was part of the founding of Scoil Acla with Darrell Figgis, Colm O’Loughlainn and Anita McMahon. Unlike other founders of Scoil Acla, O'Flaherty stayed living on the island the rest of her life. Figgis was leader of the Irish Volunteers in Achill in April 1916. She was connected to other well known members of Ireland's nationalist movement. Family relations meant she knew Kathleen Clarke. By 1914 O'Flaherty was a member of Cumann na mBan with Louise Gavan Duffy. During the Easter Rising she was part of the group known as basket women carrying messages through the city by bicycle. She [sep] Knowledge2: Bridie O'Flaherty:  Bridie O'Flaherty (27 October 1917 – 12 January 2006) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who left that party in 1986 to become a founder-member of the Progressive Democrats.[1] She was the Mayor of Galway from 1980 to 1981 and again from 1985 to 1986.[2] ; Bridie O'Flaherty: O'Flaherty was one of five children born to Patrick Lawless and Delia Laffy of Bullaun, Loughrea.[2] When her father died in 1924, Delia sold the land and moved to Loughrea. At age sixteen she moved to Galway, working at the Great Southern Hotel. She met and married Larry O'Flaherty of Ennis, and had issue John, Mary, Della, Angela, Betty, Joe, Terry (herself a future Mayor), Tony, Claire and Trudy.[citation needed] ; Bridie O'Flaherty: She became a well-known businesswoman, opening a canteen on the city's Fairgreen for farmers and dealers. A shop in Mervue was later expanded into a successful mini-supermarket.[citation needed] ; Bridie O'Flaherty: Approached by Bobby Molloy to run in the 1964 elections, she failed to secure a seat by thirteen votes, but succeeded in 1969, and became Mayor in 1980 and 1985. Her achievements as Mayor included signing the official charter twinning Galway and Seattle, been guest of honor at the Evacuation Day Saint Patrick's Day Parade in 1981 in South Boston and in 1986 in Memphis, Tennessee, and representing Galway during visits to L'Orient, Amsterdam, and Jerusalem.[citation needed] ; Bridie O'Flaherty: O'Flaherty's daughter Terry was mayor of Galway from 2003 to 2004 and again beginning in 2012.[3]
Knowledge1: Ivan Ivanovych Kulichenko (Іван Іванович Куліченко; born on 7 July 1955, Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukrainian politician who was from 2014 until 2019 People's Deputy of Ukraine; prior to this he was Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk for 15 years.  In 1977 Kulichenko graduated from the Dnipropetrovsk Institute of Civil Engineering. In 1979, after his conscription in the Armed Forces of the USSR, he became a civil servant in the urban planning department of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. In 1986 Kulichenko was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Dnipropetrovsk City Council. Four years later he was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Executive Committee of Dnipropetrovsk. Kulichenko became the First Deputy Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk (city) in 1994. In 1999 Kulichenko became acting Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk. Since then he was (re-)elected Mayor four times, in 2000, in 2002, in 2006 and in 2010. In 2010 he was re-elected with 40,1% as a candidate of Party of Regions. His nearest opponent, Svyatoslav Oliynyk of Ukraine of the Future, received 16.1%. On 22 February 2014 Kulichenko left Party of Regions "for peace   the city". Earlier that day locals, while picketing the city council, had demanded his departure of Party of Regions. 22 February 2014 was also the day that Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and the Party of Region's lead Second Azarov Government were ousted out of office, after the months long Euromaidan-demonstrations had accumulated into the 2014 Euromaidan regional state administration occupations and deadly violence in Kyiv. In the 2014 parliamentary election Kulichenko won a constituency seat in constituency number 28 situated in Dnipropetrovsk as a candidate of Petro Poroshenko Bloc with 33.5% of the votes. He resigned as mayor on 21 November 2014. Kulichenko was not re-elected in the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election, as an independent candidate he failed this time to win a seat in constituency number 28. This time 13.49% of the voters of the constituency voted for him. Ivan Kulichenko  Ivan Ivanovych Kulichenko (; born on 7 July 1955, Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukrainian politician who was from 2014 until 2019 People's Deputy of Ukraine; prior to this he was Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk for 15 years. [sep] Knowledge2: Ivan Kulichenko: Ivan Ivanovych Kulichenko (Ukrainian: Іван Іванович Куліченко; born on 7 July 1955, Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukrainian politician who was from 2014 until 2019 People's Deputy of Ukraine; prior to this he was Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk[nb 1] for 15 years.[4][5] ; Ivan Kulichenko: In 1977 Kulichenko graduated from the Dnipropetrovsk Institute of Civil Engineering.[5] In 1979, after his conscription in the Armed Forces of the USSR, he became a civil servant in the urban planning department of the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.[5] In 1986 Kulichenko was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Dnipropetrovsk City Council.[5] Four years later he was appointed Deputy Chairman of the Executive Committee of Dnipropetrovsk.[5] Kulichenko became the First Deputy Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk (city) in 1994.[5] In 1999 Kulichenko became acting Mayor of Dnipropetrovsk.[5] Since then he was (re-)elected Mayor four times, in 2000, in 2002, in 2006 and in 2010.[5] In 2010 he was re-elected with 40,1% as a candidate of Party of Regions.[6] His nearest opponent, Svyatoslav Oliynyk of Ukraine of the Future, received 16.1%.[6] On 22 February 2014 Kulichenko left Party of Regions "for peace in the city".[7] Earlier that day locals, while picketing the city council, had demanded his departure of Party of Regions.[7] 22 February 2014 was also the day that Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and the Party of Region's lead Second Azarov Government were ousted out of office, after the months long Euromaidan-demonstrations had accumulated into the 2014 Euromaidan regional state administration occupations and deadly violence in Kyiv.[8] ; Ivan Kulichenko: In the 2014 parliamentary election Kulichenko won a constituency seat in constituency number 28 situated in Dnipropetrovsk as a candidate of Petro Poroshenko Bloc with 33.5% of the votes.[9] He resigned as mayor on 21 November 2014.[4] ; Ivan Kulichenko: Kulichenko was not re-elected in the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election, as an independent candidate he failed this time to win a seat in constituency number 28.[10] This time 13.49% of the voters of the constituency voted for him.[10] ; Category:Ivan Kulichenko: The following 2 files are in this category, out of 2 total.
Knowledge1: Giuseppe Demachi (9 June 1732 &ndash; 1791 or after) was a composer born in Alessandria, Italy. He served as a leading violinist in the city of his birth and later in the city of Geneva with the Concerto di Ginevra of the Societé de Musique. He also served in the employ of one Count Sannazzaro in the 1760s and 1770s at Casale Monferrato. Not much is known about his life or death. Other than the records of his birth in 1732, his next known appearance in history is in 1763 when he was listed as playing in Alessandria's orchestra. After 1777 he again falls into obscurity until his last verifiable appearance during some concerts in London in 1791. The date of his death is not known, but is believed to have been shortly after his performances in London. Demachi is listed as a composer of a significant number of works, including four symphonie concertante, eighteen duo sonatas, fifty-six trio sonatas, a pair of orchestral overtures and six string quartets listed as "for orchestra." One of his most famous works is the symphony Le campane di Roma (The Bells of Rome). [sep] Knowledge2: Giuseppe Demachi: Giuseppe Demachi (9 June 1732 – 1791 or after) was a composer born in Alessandria, Italy.  He served as a leading violinist in the city of his birth and later in the city of Geneva with the Concerto di Ginevra of the Societé de Musique.  He also served in the employ of one Count Sannazzaro in the 1760s and 1770s at Casale Monferrato.  Not much is known about his life or death.  Other than the records of his birth in 1732, his next known appearance in history is in 1763 when he was listed as playing in Alessandria's orchestra.  After 1777 he again falls into obscurity until his last verifiable appearance during some concerts in London in 1791.  The date of his death is not known, but is believed to have been shortly after his performances in London. ; Giuseppe Demachi: Demachi is listed as a composer of a significant number of works, including four symphonie concertante, eighteen duo sonatas, fifty-six trio sonatas, a pair of orchestral overtures and six string quartets listed as "for orchestra."  One of his most famous works is the symphony Le campane di Roma (The Bells of Rome). ; Giuseppe Demachi: Giuseppe Demarchi was a composer, listed as born in 1732 in Italy in the city of Alessandria. He served as a leading violinist in the city of his birth and later in the city of Geneva with the Concerto di Ginevra of the Societé de Musique. He also served in the employ of one Count Sannazzaro in the 1760s and 1770s at Casale Monferrato. Not much is known about his life or death. Other than the records of his birth in 1732, his next known appearance in history is in 1763 when he was listed as playing in Alessandria's orchestra. After 1777 he again falls into obscurity until his last verifiable appearance during some concerts in London in 1791. The date of his death is not known, but is believed to have been shortly after his performances in London.Demarchi is listed as a composer of a significant number of works, including four symphonie concertante, eighteen duo sonatas, fifty-six trio sonatas, a pair of orchestral overtures and six string quartets listed as "for orchestra." One of his most famous works is the symphony "Le campane di Roma" (The Bells of Rome). Sources http://wc08.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=41:210017~T1 http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Demachi; Giuseppe Demachi: Demarchi is listed as a composer of a significant number of works, including four symphonie concertante, eighteen duo sonatas, fifty-six trio sonatas, a pair of orchestral overtures and six string quartets listed as "for orchestra." One of his most famous works is the symphony "Le campane di Roma" (The Bells of Rome). Sources http://wc08.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=41:210017~T1 http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Demachi; Giuseppe Demachi:  Sources http://wc08.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=41:210017~T1 http://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Demachi
Knowledge1: Edward David Redwine (born September 12, 1947) is a North Carolina politician. He served in the North Carolina House of Representatives for almost 20 years and is a candidate in 2010 for the North Carolina Senate seat being vacated by R.C. Soles. Redwine is a member of the board of trustees for East Carolina University, his alma mater, and he is a member of the board of directors for the North Carolina Turnpike Authority. [sep] Knowledge2: E. David Redwine: Edward David Redwine (born September 12, 1947) is a North Carolina politician. He served in the North Carolina House of Representatives for almost 20 years and is a candidate in 2010 for the North Carolina Senate seat being vacated by R.C. Soles.[1] ; E. David Redwine: Redwine is a member of the board of trustees for East Carolina University, his alma mater, and he is a member of the board of directors for the North Carolina Turnpike Authority.[2] [3]
Knowledge1: Kyriakos Mavronikolas (born 25 January 1955) is a Cypriot Movement for Social Democracy politician. He served as the Cypriot Minister of Defence from 2003 to 2006, and he sat as a Member of the European Parliament for Cyprus from 2009 to 2012, when he vacated his seat and was replaced by Sophocles Sophocleous. Mavronikolas is a graduate of the University of Athens faculty of medicine, and outside politics he works as an ophthalmologist. Kyriakos Mavronikolas  Kyriakos Mavronikolas (born 25 January 1955) is a Cypriot Movement for Social Democracy politician. He served as the Cypriot Minister of Defence from 2003 to 2006, and he sat as a Member of the European Parliament for Cyprus from 2009 to 2012, when he vacated his seat and was replaced by Sophocles Sophocleous. Mavronikolas is a graduate of the University of Athens faculty of medicine, and outside politics he works as an ophthalmologist. [sep] Knowledge2: Kyriakos Mavronikolas: Kyriakos Mavronikolas (born 25 January 1955) is a Cypriot Movement for Social Democracy politician. He served as the Cypriot Minister of Defence from 2003 to 2006, and he sat as a Member of the European Parliament for Cyprus from 2009 to 2012, when he vacated his seat and was replaced by Sophocles Sophocleous.[1] Mavronikolas is a graduate of the University of Athens faculty of medicine, and outside politics he works as an ophthalmologist. ; Kyriakos Mavronikolas: This article about a Cypriot politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Kyriakos Mavronikolas: This article about a Member of the European Parliament for Cyprus is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Kyriakos Mavronikolas: Kyriakos Mavronikolas is a Cypriot ophthalmologist who has been practicing medicine since the early 1980s. He is a graduate of the University of Athens Medical School and has been a member of the Cyprus Ophthalmological Society since 1985. He is the founder and director of the Mavronikolas Eye Clinic in Paphos, Cyprus, and has been a consultant ophthalmologist at the Paphos General Hospital since 1988. Kyriakos Mavronikolas is 65 years old as of 2021. He is approximately 5ft 8in tall and has a slim build. He is married and has two children. Kyriakos Mavronikolas has an estimated net worth of $1 million. He has earned his wealth through his successful career as an ophthalmologist. He has also earned income from his private practice and from consulting for various hospitals.; Kyriakos Mavronikolas:  We recommend you to check the complete list of Famous People born on 25 January. He is a member of famous  with the age 68 years old group.
Knowledge1: For the American politician, see John Blake Jr. (politician). John Edward Blake Jr. (July 3, 1947 – August 15, 2014) was an American jazz violinist from South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. He performed most prominently as a sideman in groups led by Grover Washington Jr. (in the late 1970s) and McCoy Tyner (in the early 1980s), as well as led his own groups. He died on August 15, 2014 from complications of multiple myeloma.  John Blake Jr. (December 5, 1762 – January 13, 1826) was an American lawyer and politician and a U. S. Representative from New York. [sep] Knowledge2: John Blake Jr. (politician): William Blake ; John Blake Jr. (politician): Sarah Blake Milliken ; John Blake Jr. (politician): John Blake Jr. (December 5, 1762 – January 13, 1826) was an American slave owner,[1] lawyer, and politician and a U. S. Representative from New York. ; John Blake Jr. (politician): Born in Ulster County in the Province of New York, Blake attended the public schools and during the Revolutionary War Blake served in the New York State Militia. He married Elsie Eager and they had six children, Margaret, Ann, William, Sarah, Fanny, and Elsie.[2] ; John Blake Jr. (politician): Elected as a Democratic-Republican to the 9th and 10th United States Congresses, Blake was United States Representative for the fifth district of New York from March 4, 1805, to March 4, 1809.[3]
Knowledge1: Mami Matsui (松井摩味) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Aoni Production. She is also credited as Mami. [sep] Knowledge2: Mami Matsui: Mami Matsui (松井摩味, Matsui Mami, December 8, 1962) is a Japanese voice actress affiliated with Aoni Production. She is also credited as Mami. ;  Mami Matsui :   Mami Matsui       Born December 8, 1962   Occupation Voice Actress   Years Active 1984 - -present   Spouse Unknown   Website N/a   Mami Matsui (松井 摩味, Matsui Mami) is a voice actress that affiliated with Aoni Production. In her career, she is only credited by her first name. ;  Mami Matsui : Mami Matsui (松井摩味 Matsui Mami?, born December 8) is a seiyū born in Tokyo, Japan  who works for Aoni Production. She is also credited as Mami.
Knowledge1: Marie-France Mignal (born 3 April 1940), is a French actress. She is the co-director of the Théâtre Saint-Georges, with France Delahalle. She is known for her work in television, cinema (Weekend at Dunkirk, The Two Orphans), and in adverts. [sep] Knowledge2: Marie-France Mignal: Marie-France Mignal (born 3 April 1940), is a French actress.[1] ; Marie-France Mignal: She is the co-director of the Théâtre Saint-Georges, with France Delahalle. ; Marie-France Mignal: She is known for her work in television, cinema (Weekend at Dunkirk, The Two Orphans), and in adverts. ; Marie-France Mignal: This article about a French actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Marie-France Mignal: Cet article est une ébauche concernant une actrice française.
Knowledge1: Johannes Andreas Rüdiger (1 November 1673 – 6 June 1731) was a German philosopher and physicist. [sep] Knowledge2: Andreas Rüdiger: Johannes Andreas Rüdiger (1 November 1673 – 6 June 1731) was a German philosopher and physicist. ; Andreas Rüdiger: This article about a German scientist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; File:Andreas Rüdiger (Ridiger). Line engraving. Wellcome V0005134ER.jpg: Original file ‎(1,049 × 1,683 pixels, file size: 1.3 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Andreas Rüdiger (Ridiger). Line engraving. Wellcome V0005134ER.jpg: Iconographic Collections Keywords: Andreas Ruediger; File:Andreas Rüdiger (Ridiger). Line engraving. Wellcome V0005134ER.jpg: This file comes from Wellcome Images, a website operated by Wellcome Trust, a global charitable foundation based in the United Kingdom. Refer to Wellcome blog post (archive).This tag does not indicate the copyright status of the attached work. A normal copyright tag is still required. See Commons:Licensing.
Knowledge1: Robert Grier Lewis (born December 5, 1916 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, died January 6, 2011 in Ormond-by-the-Sea, Florida) was an American photographer, editor and author in the field of railways. [sep] Knowledge2: Robert Lewis (director): Among the plays directed by Robert Lewis were: My Hearts in the Highlands (1939) by William Saroyan; Brigadoon (1947) by Alan Jay Lerner; Regina (1949); The Happy Time (1950); An Enemy of the People (1950); The Grass Harp (1952); The Teahouse of the August Moon (1953), winner of the Tony Award for Best Play and New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Director; Witness for the Prosecution (1954) from Agatha Christie; Mister Johnson (1956); Jamaica (1957); The Hidden River (1957); Handful of Fire (1958); Chéri (1959); Kwamina (1961); Foxy (1964); Traveller Without Luggage (1964); On a Clear Day You Can See Forever (1965); and Harold and Maude (1980). ; Robert Lewis: Robert Lewis may refer to:
Knowledge1: Cor es de bos aips complida ; deu esser enantida ; sa valors, s'ap si m'acueill; ; enquer n'er meils que d'Enida ; can Erecs l'ac enrequida, ; quar mais la tem e l'am meils. Guillem Ramon de Gironella was a late thirteenth-century Catalan troubadour. His poetry, while difficult, is highly original and praised for its beauty. Guillem Ramon was from Gironella in the Berguedà. There are many persons carrying the name "Ramon de Gironella" in twelfth- and thirteenth-century documents, but no others named "Guillem Ramon". The troubadour has been identified with a person bearing the initials "G.R." marked on a tomb in the monastery of Sant Daniel de Girona and   (lord of Gironella), but Guillem Ramon was not the feudal lord of Gironella nor even a nobleman, but a cleric. Whether Cerverí was confused or Guillem Ramon only took up his clerical career late in life is not known. In two of his cansos&mdash;"Gen m'apareill" and "La clara lutz del bel jorn"&mdash;Guillem Ramon celebrates a person by the senhal (or nickname) Sobreluenh ("Over-a-distance"), but whether this is his lady or a friend, like the viscount of Cardona or Cabrera is debated. Ramon Guillem was familiar with the poem Erec and Enide of Chrétien de Troyes, as he makes known in "Gen m'apareill": He also wrote the canso "Pos l'amors r'ensen".  next to the tomb of his mother, Brunissendis de Gerundella. If this identification is correct, then Guillem Ramon was the canon Guillelmus Raimundi de Gerundella whose death is recorded in monastic records on 8 July of an unknown year. All of Guillem Ramon's surviving poetry, four works in total, is preserved in a single chansonnier, three cansos under the full name Guilem Raimon de Gironela and one partimen with the jongleur Pouzet under the name Guilem Raimon. Towards the end of this piece, "Del joi d'amor agradiu", Guillem suggests submitting it to the judgement of la de Palau ("[she] of Palau"), but the lady and the Palau to which this   are not securely identifiable. The contemporary Catalan troubadour Cerverí de Girona, in his Recepta de xarob, wrote (between 1260 and 1285): E si Na Guyllamona (or Guillemona) ''/ lay a Palau, vos dona / un pauc de cuyndia. . . . The lady Guillemona may be the la de Palau of Guillem Ramon's partimen''. If so, this would establish a link between the obscure Guillem Ramon and the famous Cerverí, putting the former in better context. One further reference from Cerverí, however, throws the identification of Guillem Ramon the troubadour with the canon into doubt. Cerverí, in his Testament (1274), says that En Poncet is grateful to the don de  Guillem Ramon de Gironella  Guillem Ramon de Gironella was a late thirteenth-century Catalan troubadour. His poetry, while difficult, is highly original and praised for its beauty.  Guillem Ramon was from Gironella in the Berguedà. There are many persons carrying the name "Ramon de Gironella" in twelfth- and thirteenth-century documents, but no others named "Guillem Ramon". The troubadour has been identified with a person bearing the initials "G.R." marked on a tomb in the monastery of Sant Daniel de Girona and lying next to the tomb of his mother, Brunissendis de Gerundella. If this identification is correct, then Guillem Ramon was the canon "Guillelmus Raimundi de Gerundella" whose death is recorded in monastic records on 8 July of an unknown year.  All of Guillem Ramon's surviving poetry, four works in total, is preserved in a single chansonnier, three "cansos" under the full name "Guilem Raimon de Gironela" and one "partimen" with the jongleur Pouzet under the name "Guilem Raimon". Towards the end of this piece, "Del joi d'amor agradiu", Guillem suggests submitting it to the judgement of "la de Palau" ("[she] of Palau"), but the lady and the Palau to which this refers are not securely identifiable. The contemporary Catalan troubadour Cerverí de Girona, in his "Recepta de xarob", wrote (between 1260 and 1285): "E si Na Guyllamona" (or "Guillemona") "/ lay a Palau, vos dona / un pauc de cuyndia. . . ." The lady Guillemona may be the "la de Palau" of Guillem Ramon's "partimen". If so, this would establish a link between the obscure Guillem Ramon and the famous Cerverí, putting the former in better context.  One further reference from Cerverí, however, throws the identification of Guillem Ramon the troubadour with the canon into doubt. Cerverí, in his "Testament" (1274), says that "En Poncet" is grateful to the "don de Gironella" (lord of Gironella), but Guillem Ramon was not the feudal lord of Gironella nor even a nobleman, but a cleric. Whether Cerverí was confused or Guillem Ramon only took up his clerical career late in life is not known.  In two of his "cansos"—"Gen m'apareill" and "La clara lutz del bel jorn"—Guillem Ramon celebrates a person by the "senhal" (or nickname) "Sobreluenh" ("Over-a-distance"), but whether this is his lady or a friend, like the viscount of Cardona or Cabrera is debated. Ramon Guillem was familiar with the poem "Erec and Enide" of Chrétien de Troyes, as he makes known in "Gen m'apareill": He also wrote the "canso" "Pos l'amors r'ensen".   Cerverí de Girona, in his "Recepta de xarob", wrote (between 1260 and 1285): "E si Na Guyllamona" (or "Guillemona") "/ lay a Palau, vos dona / un pauc de cuyndia. . . ." The lady Guillemona may be the "la de Palau" of Guillem Ramon's "partimen". If so, this would establish a link between the obscure Guillem Ramon and the famous Cerverí, putting the former in better context. One further reference from Cerverí, however, throws the identification of Guillem Ramon the troubadour with the canon into doubt. Cerverí, in his "Testament" (1274), says that "En Poncet" is grateful to the [sep] Knowledge2: Guillem Ramon de Gironella: Guillem Ramon de Gironella was a late thirteenth-century Catalan troubadour. His poetry, while difficult, is highly original and praised for its beauty. ; Guillem Ramon de Gironella: Guillem Ramon was from Gironella in the Berguedà. There are many persons carrying the name "Ramon de Gironella" in twelfth- and thirteenth-century documents, but no others named "Guillem Ramon". The troubadour has been identified with a person bearing the initials "G.R." marked on a tomb in the monastery of Sant Daniel de Girona and lying next to the tomb of his mother, Brunissendis de Gerundella. If this identification is correct, then Guillem Ramon was the canon Guillelmus Raimundi de Gerundella whose death is recorded in monastic records on 8 July of an unknown year. ; Guillem Ramon de Gironella: All of Guillem Ramon's surviving poetry, four works in total, is preserved in a single chansonnier, three cansos under the full name Guilem Raimon de Gironela and one partimen with the jongleur Pouzet under the name Guilem Raimon. Towards the end of this piece, "Del joi d'amor agradiu", Guillem suggests submitting it to the judgement of la de Palau ("[she] of Palau"), but the lady and the Palau to which this refers are not securely identifiable. The contemporary Catalan troubadour Cerverí de Girona, in his Recepta de xarob, wrote (between 1260 and 1285): E si Na Guyllamona (or Guillemona) / lay a Palau, vos dona / un pauc de cuyndia. . . . The lady Guillemona may be the la de Palau of Guillem Ramon's partimen. If so, this would establish a link between the obscure Guillem Ramon and the famous Cerverí, putting the former in better context. ; Guillem Ramon de Gironella: One further reference from Cerverí, however, throws the identification of Guillem Ramon the troubadour with the canon into doubt. Cerverí, in his Testament (1274), says that En Poncet[1] is grateful to the don de Gironella (lord of Gironella), but Guillem Ramon was not the feudal lord of Gironella nor even a nobleman, but a cleric. Whether Cerverí was confused or Guillem Ramon only took up his clerical career late in life is not known. ; Guillem Ramon de Gironella: In two of his cansos—"Gen m'apareill" and "La clara lutz del bel jorn"—Guillem Ramon celebrates a person by the senhal (or nickname) Sobreluenh ("Over-a-distance"), but whether this is his lady or a friend, like the viscount of Cardona or Cabrera is debated. Ramon Guillem was familiar with the poem Erec and Enide of Chrétien de Troyes, as he makes known in "Gen m'apareill":
Knowledge1: China–United States trade war  The China–United States trade war () is an ongoing economic conflict between the People's Republic of China and the United States of America. In January 2018, U.S. President Donald Trump began setting tariffs and other trade barriers on China with the goal of forcing it to make changes to what the U.S. says are longstanding unfair trade practices and intellectual property theft. The Trump administration stated that these practices may contribute to the U.S.–China trade deficit, and that the Chinese government requires transfer of American technology to China. In response to US trade measures, the Chinese government accused the Trump administration of engaging in nationalist protectionism and took retaliatory action. After the trade war escalated through 2019, in January 2020 the two sides reached a tense phase one agreement; it expired in December 2021 with China failing by a wide margin to reach its targets for U.S. imports to China. By the end of the Trump presidency, the trade war was widely characterized as a failure.<ref name="Fajgelbaum"/><ref>Multiple sources: [sep] Knowledge2: Alan Mauritz Swanson: Alan Mauritz Swanson (born Chicago, Illinois October 29, 1941) is an American composer and academic who lives in the Netherlands. ; Alan Mauritz Swanson: He took his BA (1963) and MA (1965) at Indiana University and his PhD at the University of Chicago (1973). In between he studied at Stockholm University. As an academic, he taught at Augustana College (Rock Island, Illinois), Brigham Young University (Provo, Utah), and the University of Groningen (the Netherlands), and came to specialize in the theatre and opera of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.[1]  Trained as a singer, many of his early compositions are for voice, but recent work has tended to be varied in form: string quartets, a viola concerto, a partita for piano, and others. In 2006, he was honored for his academic and community work by being appointed Officer in the Order of Oranje-Nassau.[2] ; Alan Mauritz Swanson: This article about an American composer born in the 20th century is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Harvey William Burk (1822 in Darlington Township, Upper Canada – October 13, 1907) was a politician and farmer. Burk was educated in Darlington Township. He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859. He operated a farm near Bowmanville. Burk served on the township council and was reeve from 1873 to 1874. He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Member the Liberal Party to represent Durham West in 1874. He won a landslide victory in 1878. Burk resigned October 18, 1879 to allow Edward Blake to be elected. His daughter Mary Emily married Sam Hughes. Harvey William Burk  Harvey William Burk (1822 in Darlington Township, Upper Canada – October 13, 1907) was a politician and farmer.  Burk was educated in Darlington Township. He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859. He operated a farm near Bowmanville. Burk served on the township council and was reeve from 1873 to 1874. He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Member the Liberal Party to represent Durham West in 1874. He won a landslide victory in 1878. Burk resigned October 18, 1879 to allow Edward Blake to be elected.<ref name="johnson"/>  His daughter Mary Emily married Sam Hughes. [sep] Knowledge2: Harvey William Burk: Harvey William Burk (1822 in Darlington Township, Upper Canada – October 13, 1907) was a politician and farmer. ; Harvey William Burk: Burk was educated in Darlington Township. He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859. He operated a farm near Bowmanville. Burk served on the township council and was reeve from 1873 to 1874.[1] He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Member the Liberal Party to represent Durham West in 1874. He won a landslide victory in 1878.[2] Burk resigned October 18, 1879 to allow Edward Blake to be elected.[1] ; Harvey William Burk: This article about a Liberal Party of Canada Member of the Parliament of Canada is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Harvey William Burk: Harvey William Burk (1822 in Darlington Township, Upper Canada – October 13, 1907) was a politician and farmer.; Harvey William Burk: Burk was educated in Darlington Township. He was married twice: to Roley Williams in 1848 and to Susan Armour in 1859. He operated a farm near Bowmanville. Burk served on the township council and was reeve from 1873 to 1874.[1] He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Member the Liberal Party to represent Durham West in 1874. He won a landslide victory in 1878.[2] Burk resigned October 18, 1879 to allow Edward Blake to be elected.[1]
Knowledge1:  he had his first exhibition of paintings, in his home town of Jork, together with his father. After 1980 he turned to sculpture, studying under Professor Franz Rotter in Cuxhaven, and from 1983 he studied Sculpture under Karl Heinz Türk at the Freie Kunstakademie (Free Art Academy) in Nürtingen. Defying the usual conventions, Eggers kept himself to himself, shunned the arts "establishment", and was not a member of any artists' associations. Since 1991 Carsten Eggers has lived and worked at a former farm in Nottensdorf in the rural district of Stade. Eggers died aged 64 on 29 September 2021 in hospital in Hamburg. [sep] Knowledge2: List of German film directors: This is a list of notable German film directors related to the cinema of Germany.
Knowledge1: Petru Vlah (born July 13, 1970) is a politician from Moldova. He has been a member of the Parliament of Moldova since 2010. [sep] Knowledge2: Petru Vlah: Petru Vlah (born July 13, 1970) is a politician from Moldova. He has been a member of the Parliament of Moldova since 2010.[1] ; Petru Vlah: This article about a Moldovan politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Pierre Abraham Lorillard was born in Montbéliard (France) in 1742, the son of Jean Lorillard (b. 1707) and Anne Catherine Rossel. He had five brothers, Jean George, George David, Charles Christophe, Jean Abraham, and Leopold Frederick, and a sister, Anne Marguerite. The naturalization recorded in New York on April 21, 1762, of 'Peter Louillard', a stocking weaver and French Protestant, is probably that of Lorillard. This followed the naturalization on October 27, 1760, of John George Lorillard, described as a French Protestant yeoman of New York City. As writer [sep] Knowledge2: Pierre Abraham: Pierre Abraham, (1 March 1892 – 20 May 1974 in Paris) was a French journalist, essayist and military figure in the French Air Force during the world wars.[1] ; Pierre Abraham: A graduate of the Ecole Polytechnique, he served during World War I from 1914 to 1918 as an aviator officer. After the war, his brother Jean-Richard Bloch encouraged him to write and he entered various literary circles. He began with criticism in newspapers and magazines. He worked on the magazine Europe since the magazine was founded and published several essays, and was noticed for his originality. In 1935, he led a research team in compiling the French Encyclopedia. ; Pierre Abraham: During World War II, he participated in the Resistance and Liberation of Nice where he became city councilor from 1947 to 1959. As Lieutenant-Colonel of the Reserve Air Force, he was appointed to the Executive Secretary of the Liberation of Allied Air Berlin. ; Pierre Abraham: From 1949 until his death in 1974, he functioned as the head editor of Europe. In the last years of his life, he directed the collective work of the Histoire littéraire de la France. ; Pierre Abraham Lorillard: The naturalization recorded in New York on April 21, 1762, of 'Peter Louillard', a stocking weaver and French Protestant, is probably that of Lorillard.[4] This followed the naturalization on October 27, 1760, of John George Lorillard, described as a French Protestant yeoman of New York City.[5]
Knowledge1:  Elvin Penner is a Belizean politician who served in the House of Representatives from 2008 to 2015 representing the Cayo North East constituency. He is a member of the United Democratic Party. Penner was the first Belizean Mennonite elected to national office. Penner was initially appointed as Minister of Natural Resources and the Environment in 2008. Following a cabinet reshuffling in March 2009, Penner transitioned to the Ministry of Public Utilities, Information and Broadcasting. After being re-elected in 2012, Penner was appointed Minister of State in the Ministry of National Security (with responsibility for immigration and border protection). [sep] Knowledge2: Elvin Penner: Elvin Penner is a Belizean politician who served in the House of Representatives from 2008 to 2015 representing the Cayo North East constituency.[1] He is a member of the United Democratic Party.[1] Penner was the first Belizean Mennonite elected to national office.[2] ; Elvin Penner: Penner was initially appointed as Minister of Natural Resources and the Environment in 2008. Following a cabinet reshuffling in March 2009, Penner transitioned to the Ministry of Public Utilities, Information and Broadcasting.[3] After being re-elected in 2012, Penner was appointed Minister of State in the Ministry of National Security (with responsibility for immigration and border protection).[1][4] ; Elvin Penner: On 19 September 2013, Penner was stripped of his ministerial portfolios by Prime Minister Dean Barrow due to his involvement in allegedly selling and issuing a fraudulent Belizean passport to South Korean national Kim Won Hong, who at the time was jailed in Taiwan.[5][6][7]  Penner was charged with illegally facilitating a passport in March 2014, but charges were dropped in July due to lack of evidence.[8] ; Elvin Penner: In 2013 Penner was the subject of a recall petition in his constituency. However the petition was declared invalid in January 2014.[12][11] In June 2014 Penner was deselected as the UDP's candidate in Cayo North East in the 2015 general election in favour of former San Ignacio Mayor John August.[13] At that election August was defeated by the People's United Party candidate, Orlando Habet. ; Elvin Penner: Penner is of Canadian ancestry.[14] He has three children, one daughter and two sons.
Knowledge1: Rodrigo Arocena Linn (born February 23, 1947 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan mathematician, and rector of the University of the Republic since July 2006.  Rodrigo Arocena was elected vice-chancellor of the University of the Republic of Uruguay in the third vote (the last possible moment) in the General Assembly of the Senate. After the withdrawal of several candidates, opinions were divided between Rodrigo Arocena and Roberto Markarian, another mathematician who also began teaching in the Rafael Laguardia Institute of Mathematics and Statistics at the same time as Arocena. Arocena counted on the support of the majority of the students from the Federation of University Students of Uruguay in the General Assembly of the Senate to boost his candidacy, while Markarian had backing from the Teacher's Association of the University of the Republic (ADUR). Rodrigo Arocena  Rodrigo Arocena Linn (born February 23, 1947 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan mathematician, and rector of the University of the Republic since July 2006. [sep] Knowledge2: Rodrigo Arocena: Rodrigo Arocena Linn (born February 23, 1947, in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan mathematician, and rector of the University of the Republic since July 2006.[1][2] ; Rodrigo Arocena: Son of Germán Arocena Capurro and Mercedes Linn Davie, he comes from an Uruguayan upper-class family. His only brother Ignacio Arocena Linn disappeared on 20 August 1978 in Argentina, under circumstances surrounding the military regime. He began his academic life in the Faculty of Engineering at the University of the Republic of Uruguay.  After a short time he began to teach at the Institute of Mathematics and Statistics, today called "Rafael Laguardia". During the military dictatorship in Uruguay, Arocena was exiled from the country, after spending a period in prison. After a journey to Buenos Aires he migrated  to Caracas and obtained his doctorate in mathematics in 1979 from the Central University of Venezuela (UCV), under the direction of Mischa Cotlar[3] in the area of functional analysis. More recently, Arocena changed the direction of his studies, dedicating himself to social sciences, obtaining at the UCV a second doctorate in development studies, in 1990. He acted as Professor of Science and Development at the Faculty of Science until his election as vice-chancellor of the University of the Republic of Uruguay. In 2007 the LGBT collective "Ovejas Negras" (Black Sheep) recognized him as Person of the Year. ; Rodrigo Arocena: He is the author of more than 30 articles in the area of social science, dedicated to the study of the science in Uruguay and Latin America, and the themes of exile and technology. He has published 16 books (as author, co-author, or editor) regarding similar social themes. In the area of mathematics, between the years 1979 and 1998, he published some 40 articles about functional and harmonic analysis, unary operators and advancements. ; Rodrigo Arocena: Rodrigo Arocena was elected vice-chancellor of the University of the Republic of Uruguay in the third vote (the last possible moment) in the General Assembly of the Senate.  After the withdrawal of several candidates, opinions were divided between Rodrigo Arocena and Roberto Markarian, another mathematician who also began teaching in the Rafael Laguardia Institute of Mathematics and Statistics at the same time as Arocena.  Arocena counted on the support of the majority of the students from the Federation of University Students of Uruguay in the General Assembly of the Senate to boost his candidacy, while Markarian had backing from the Teacher's Association of the University of the Republic (ADUR). ; Category:Rodrigo Arocena: This category contains only the following file.
Knowledge1: Fidel Antuña Batista (born 27 April 1972) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2008 to 2009 he served as Deputy of the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Yucatán. [sep] Knowledge2: Fidel Antuña Batista: Fidel Antuña Batista (born 27 April 1972) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2008 to 2009 he served as Deputy of the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Yucatán.[1]
Knowledge1: Thomas Gifford (June 1, 1854 &ndash; February 19, 1935) was a politician in British Columbia, Canada. Born in 1854 in Lockerbie, Scotland, the son of William Gifford and Margaret Stewart, he was educated there and apprenticed as a jeweller. He opened his own store in Lockerbie around 1876. In 1877, he married Annie Stoddart. Thomas and his wife, along with sons William (b. 3 Jul 1878) and Thomas Stuart (b. 3 Jun 1880), emigrated to St. Paul, Minnesota in 1881. Here, they had a daughter Margaret (b. 6 Apr 1882) and another son, James Stoddart (b. 26 Sep 1888), before moving again to New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada, where Gifford  Thomas Gifford  Thomas Eugene Gifford (May 16, 1937 – October 31, 2000) was a best-selling American author of thriller novels. He was a graduate of Harvard University.  He gained international fame with the crime novel "The Glendower Legacy" and later with the Vatican thriller "The Assassini". The books posited George Washington as a British spy and the Roman Catholic Church as a criminal organization. "The Glendower Legacy" was made into a movie in 1981 under the name "Dirty Tricks".  Gifford also published under the names Dana Clarins and Thomas Maxwell.  He died of cholangiocarcinoma in his home in Dubuque, Iowa, on Halloween 2000. [sep] Knowledge2: Thomas Gifford: Thomas Eugene Gifford (May 16, 1937 – October 31, 2000) was a best-selling American author of thriller novels.  He was a graduate of Harvard University. ; Thomas Gifford: He gained international fame with the crime novel The Glendower Legacy and later with the Vatican thriller The Assassini. The books posited George Washington as a British spy and the Roman Catholic Church as a criminal organization. The Glendower Legacy was made into a movie in 1981 under the name Dirty Tricks. ; Thomas Gifford: Gifford also published under the names Dana Clarins and Thomas Maxwell. ; Thomas Gifford: He died of cholangiocarcinoma in his home in Dubuque, Iowa, on Halloween 2000. ; Thomas Gifford: Won awards at Harvard for creative writing; worked at The Sun newspaper and The Guthrie; won Putnam's prize for best first novel (The Wind Chill Factor).
Knowledge1: Pietro Marcenaro (born 2 June 1946 ) is an Italian politician and trade unionist of the centre-left Democratic Party. Since 29 April 2008 he has been President, Commission on Human Rights.  Having worked at FIAT in the years following 1975, he joined the Italian Communist Party in 1989 and was secretary of the Piedmont Division of the Italian General Confederation of Labour as well as the Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici , another Italian trade union. He subsequently became regional secretary of the Democrats of the Left Party.  In 2006 he won a seat in the Italian Chamber of Deputies (the Italian lower house) as a candidate for the l'Ulivo Party, which joined other centre-left parties to form the Democratic Party. He was then elected for the XVI. legislation of the Italian Senate (the Italian upper house)starting on 29 April 2008, his party now forming part of the opposition. During this legislation, he is also part, besides the extraordinary commission for the safeguard and promotion of human rights which he presides, of the senate commission for foreign affairs. Likewise, he is member of the ''parliamentary delegation of Italy to the Council of Europe as well as vice-president of the parliamentary delegation to the Assembly of the Western European Union. Pietro Marcenaro  Pietro Marcenaro (born 2 June 1946) is an Italian politician and trade unionist of the centre-left Democratic Party. Since 29 April 2008 he has been President, Commission on Human Rights. [sep] Knowledge2: Pietro Marcenaro: Pietro Marcenaro (born 2 June 1946[1]) is an Italian politician and trade unionist of the centre-left Democratic Party. Since 29 April 2008 he has been President, Commission on Human Rights.[2] ; Pietro Marcenaro: Having worked at FIAT in the years following 1975, he joined the Italian Communist Party in 1989 and was secretary of the Piedmont Division of the Italian General Confederation of Labour as well as the Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici , another Italian trade union. He subsequently became regional secretary of the Democrats of the Left Party. ; Pietro Marcenaro: In 2006 he won a seat in the Italian Chamber of Deputies (the Italian lower house) as a candidate for the l'Ulivo Party, which joined other centre-left parties to form the Democratic Party. He was then elected for the XVI. legislation of the Italian Senate (the Italian upper house)starting on 29 April 2008, his party now forming part of the opposition. During this legislation, he is also part, besides the extraordinary commission for the safeguard and promotion of human rights which he presides, of the senate commission for foreign affairs. Likewise, he is member of the parliamentary delegation of Italy to the Council of Europe as well as vice-president of the parliamentary delegation to the Assembly of the Western European Union. ; Pietro Marcenaro: Pietro Marcenaro (Genova, 2 giugno 1946) è un politico e sindacalista italiano. ; Pietro Marcenaro: Ha conseguito la maturità classica e nel '68 è stato fra i leader più rappresentativi del movimento studentesco, dopo di che, nel 1975 si è trasferito a Torino, per lavorare in un'azienda dell'indotto FIAT.  «È considerato l’erede di Vittorio Foa, padre nobile della sinistra. Di Foa è allievo e amico fin dai tempi della costituzione del Psiup. E con Foa ha scritto il suo libro più importante: Riprendere tempo (Einaudi 1982)»[1].
Knowledge1: William Australia Graham (22 November 1841 – 9 May 1916) was a New Zealand surveyor, mediator, farmer, politician and mayor. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand, on 22 November 1841, the third son of George Graham. He went to Clewer House School, Windsor, and Hele's School, Exeter and returned home in 1854. William was a Government surveyor, and produced a plan for Hamilton East in 1864, just after the invasion of the Waikato. In 1865 his father was instructed to contact Wiremu Tamihana. William acted as interpreter for General Carey, leading to Wiremu's submission to the Queen and acquiescence to the invasion of the Waikato. King  William Australia Graham  William Australia Graham (22 November 1841 – 9 May 1916) was a New Zealand surveyor, mediator, farmer, politician and mayor. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand, on 22 November 1841, the third son of George Graham. He went to Clewer House School, Windsor, and Hele's School, Exeter and returned home in 1854.  William was a Government surveyor, and produced a plan for Hamilton East in 1864, just after the invasion of the Waikato. In 1865 his father was instructed to contact Wiremu Tamihana. William acted as interpreter for General Carey, leading to Wiremu's submission to the Queen and acquiescence to the invasion of the Waikato. King Mahuta presented him with a patu parāoa, in recognition of his mediation. In 1887 he advocated for fair treatment of Māori land.  From the mid-1860s to 1882, he and his brother, Samuel, developed over at Tamahere, on former Ngāti Haua land. In 1882 he was secretary of Waikato Farmers' Cooperative and, from 1884, chairman of the North New Zealand Farmers' Co-operative Association, formed to establish a sugar beet industry. He influenced Julius Vogel to introduce the Beet-root Sugar Act 1884.  On 5 March 1872 William married Alice, eldest daughter of Walter Coombes, of the shipping company Coombes and Daldy. That day ships in Auckland harbour were decorated with bunting. Their 3 sons and 6 daughters included a son born on 11 February 1897, Alice Australia Buckleton, Hilda Herberta Blanche Hume, Mrs J. H. Hume, Mrs C. L. & Mrs A. C. Macdiarmid. and Cedric Kenny Onslow Graham, who was born on 21 December 1889 and died on 16 September 1916 at the battle of the Somme, having ignored his father's advice to come home. Alice shared her husband's interest in the Anglican church and charitable work.<ref name=":4"/>  He represented Waikato on Auckland Provincial Council from 24 November 1873 to 1876 and was elected Mayor of Hamilton on 27 November 1884, by 84 votes to 56. As mayor he gained Hamilton of endowments from the government. when he was insulted by a request for a public meeting to review a decision.<ref name=":4"/>  He was also appointed borough representative on Auckland Hospital and Charitable Aid Board in 1885 and became chairman of the Waikato Board, when it was formed in 1886. He opposed attempts to establish cottage hospitals around Waikato, still used by Waikato Hospital.<ref name=":4"/> He retired from the hospital board in December 1888.<ref name=":4"/>  In 1882 run by Mrs Watts, built on what had been Ngāti Wairere's Kirikiriroa pā. a magistrate (1893) and continued his church work.  He was reported as having a lengthy illness in 1904. He was badly injured in a buggy accident [sep] Knowledge2: William Australia Graham: William Australia Graham (22 November 1841 – 9 May 1916) was a New Zealand surveyor, mediator, farmer, politician and mayor. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand,[1] on 22 November 1841, the third son of George Graham. He went to Clewer House School, Windsor, and Hele's School, Exeter and returned home in 1854.[2] ; William Australia Graham: William was a Government surveyor, and produced a plan for Hamilton East in 1864, just after the invasion of the Waikato.[3] In 1865 his father was instructed to contact Wiremu Tamihana. William acted as interpreter for General Carey, leading to Wiremu's submission to the Queen and acquiescence to the invasion of the Waikato. King Mahuta presented him with a patu parāoa, in recognition of his mediation.[4] In 1887 he advocated for fair treatment of Māori land.[5] ; William Australia Graham: From the mid-1860s to 1882, he and his brother, Samuel, developed over 1,000 acres (400 ha) at Tamahere, on former Ngāti Haua land. In 1882 he was secretary of Waikato Farmers' Cooperative[6] and, from 1884, chairman of the North New Zealand Farmers' Co-operative Association, formed to establish a sugar beet industry. He influenced[7] Julius Vogel to introduce the Beet-root Sugar Act 1884.[2] The Coop was defunct by 1887.[8] ; William Australia Graham: On 5 March 1872 William married Alice, eldest daughter of Walter Coombes, of the shipping company Coombes and Daldy.[9] That day ships in Auckland harbour were decorated with bunting.[10] Their 3 sons and 6 daughters[11] included a son born on 11 February 1897,[12] Alice Australia Buckleton,[13] Hilda Herberta Blanche Hume,[14] Mrs J. H. Hume, Mrs C. L. & Mrs A. C. Macdiarmid.[15] and Cedric Kenny Onslow Graham, who was born on 21 December 1889 and died on 16 September 1916 at the battle of the Somme, having ignored his father's advice to come home.[16] Alice shared her husband's interest in the Anglican church and charitable work.[2] ; William Australia Graham: He represented Waikato on Auckland Provincial Council from 24 November 1873[17] to 1876 and was elected Mayor of Hamilton on 27 November 1884,[18] beating his predecessor, Robert Peat,[19] by 84 votes to 56.[18] As mayor he gained Hamilton 120 acres (49 ha) of endowments from the government.[4][15] He resigned as mayor on 21 May 1887,[20] when he was insulted by a request for a public meeting to review a decision.[2]
Knowledge1:  fuelled his alienation anorexia and self-harm," and the New Humanist describes Ben Myers as "a sensitive, thoughtful writer...His greatest skill is the atmospheric evocation of landscape and place." According to Marie Claire magazine, “Myers' recreation of Edward's life is sensitively handled – an exploration of a troubled, articulate man who was shy and withdrawn.” Time Out writes that “Richard is not a provocation, nor does it claim to solve the Richey mystery. It is a sympathetic and sad imagining of the boy who became a reluctant pop idol before that notion became oxymoronic.” bookmunch.com has described Richard as "a novel for our celebrity-obsessed age, a thorough [sep] Knowledge2: Richard Myers: Myers and his wife, the former Mary Jo Rupp, have three children: two daughters and a son. His son´s name is Richard Bowman Myers.
Knowledge1: Rutger Castricum (born in The Hague on 29 May 1979) is a Dutch journalist and presenter, who was known as reporter for the PowNews television programme by the Dutch broadcaster PowNed and previously for the blog Geenstijl. [sep] Knowledge2: Frits Castricum: Frits Castricum (19 April 1947, Boxtel – 12 September 2011, Boxtel) was a Dutch journalist and Labour Party politician. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands from 1977 to 1994, the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999 and the Senate of the Netherlands from 1999 to 2003.[1] ; Frits Castricum: Fredericus Wilhelmus Cornelis (Frits) Castricum (Boxtel, 19 april 1947 – aldaar, 12 september 2011) was een Nederlands politicus. Hij was namens de Partij van de Arbeid lid van de Eerste Kamer, Tweede Kamer en het Europarlement. ; Frits Castricum: Castricum trad in 1991 toe tot het partijbestuur van de PvdA, waarin hij de functie van vicevoorzitter bekleedde. Toen voorzitter Marjanne Sint later dat jaar haar functie neerlegde werd Castricum waarnemend voorzitter, totdat hij in maart 1992 werd opgevolgd door Felix Rottenberg. Na de Tweede Kamerverkiezingen 1994 keerde Castricum niet meer terug als Kamerlid. Hij werd lid van het Europees Parlement (1994 tot 1999) en vervolgens lid van de Eerste Kamer (1999 tot 2003). ; Frits Castricum: Naast zijn politieke loopbaan en na zijn vertrek uit de politiek vervulde hij verschillende bestuurlijke functies, meestal op het gebied van verkeer en vervoer. Hij was onder meer lid en plaatsvervangend voorzitter van de Raad voor de Transportveiligheid. ; Frits Castricum: Castricum werd in 1989 benoemd tot Ridder in de Orde van de Nederlandse Leeuw. Bij zijn vertrek uit de politiek in 2003 werd hij Ridder in de Orde van Oranje-Nassau.
Knowledge1: Per Risvik (born 4 September 1937 in Herøy, Møre og Romsdal) is a Norwegian politician (FrP). He was elected to the Stortinget from Sør-Trøndelag in 1989. [sep] Knowledge2: Per Risvik: Per Risvik (born 4 September 1937 in Herøy, Møre og Romsdal) is a Norwegian politician (FrP). He was elected to the Storting from Sør-Trøndelag in 1989. ; Per Risvik: This article about a Norwegian politician born in the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Alan Bjerga (born 1973) is an American journalist, author of the book Endless Appetites: How the Commodities Casino Creates Hunger and Unrest. He also covers global food policy for Bloomberg News and is a journalism instructor at Georgetown University, where in 2016 he received a department award for dedication to student learning. In 2010 he served as president of the National Press Club and was president of the North American Agricultural Journalists in 2010-2011. He has been recognized for his work with awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers, the New York Press Club, the Kansas Press Association, the North American Agricultural Journalists, and the Overseas Press Club. He has commented on food and agriculture for Bloomberg   under 40, and in 2013 received Concordia College's annual "Sent Forth" award given to an outstanding young alumnus. Bjerga began his career with the St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minn.) and also reported for the Sioux Falls (S.D.) Argus Leader and The Wichita Eagle (Kan.). Alan Bjerga was a contestant on the game show, "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" where he won $50,000. He was a second-place finisher on Jeopardy!' At his National Press Club inaugural on January 30, 2010, he played guitar and sang lead vocals with "Honky Tonk Confidential", a retro/alt country band with songs written by former CBS Face the Nation anchor, Bob Schieffer. He has also competed for the standup comedy title of "DC's Funniest Journalist."  National Public Radio, the BBC and PBS Newshour, among other programs. Bjerga won the NAAJ's top writing award in 2005 while working for the Knight-Ridder Washington Bureau, where as a Midwest correspondent also covered foreign policy issues including defense contracting and intelligence related to the Iraq war. Bjerga, who grew up on a farm near the town of Motley, Minnesota, went to Concordia College (Minnesota) where he earned a bachelor's degree in history and English literature and edited the student newspaper, The Concordian. He earned a master's degree in mass communication from the University of Minnesota, where he was the managing editor of The Minnesota Daily. In 2012 he was an inaugural winner of the university's award for outstanding journalism   . Alan Bjerga  Alan Bjerga (born 1973) is an American journalist, author of the book "Endless Appetites: How the Commodities Casino Creates Hunger and Unrest." He also covers global food policy for Bloomberg News and is a journalism instructor at Georgetown University, where in 2016 he received a department award for dedication to student learning. In 2010 he served as president of the National Press Club and was president of the North American Agricultural Journalists in 2010-2011. He has been recognized for his work with awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers, the New York Press Club, the Kansas Press Association, the North American Agricultural Journalists, and the Overseas Press Club. He has commented on food and agriculture for Bloomberg Television, National Public Radio, the BBC and PBS Newshour, among other programs. Bjerga won the NAAJ's top writing award in 2005 while working for the Knight-Ridder Washington Bureau, where as a Midwest correspondent also covered foreign policy issues including defense contracting and intelligence related to the Iraq war.  Bjerga, who grew up on a farm near the town of Motley, Minnesota, went to Concordia College (Minnesota) where he earned a bachelor's degree in history and English literature and edited the student newspaper, "The Concordian". He earned a master's degree in mass communication from the University of Minnesota, where he was the managing editor of The Minnesota Daily. In 2012 he was an inaugural winner of the university's award for outstanding journalism alumni under 40, and in 2013 received Concordia College's annual "Sent Forth" award given to an outstanding young alumnus.  Bjerga began his career with the St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minn.) and also reported for the Sioux Falls (S.D.) Argus Leader and The Wichita Eagle (Kan.).  Alan Bjerga was a contestant on the game show, "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" where he won $50,000. He was a second-place finisher on "Jeopardy!"' At his National Press Club inaugural on January 30, 2010, he played guitar and sang lead vocals with "Honky Tonk Confidential", a retro/alt country band with songs written by former CBS Face the Nation anchor, Bob Schieffer. He has also competed for the standup comedy title of "DC's Funniest Journalist." [sep] Knowledge2: Alan Bjerga: Alan Bjerga (born 1973) is an American journalist, author of the book Endless Appetites: How the Commodities Casino Creates Hunger and Unrest.[1] He also covers global food policy for Bloomberg News and is a journalism instructor at Georgetown University, where in 2016 he received a department award for dedication to student learning.[2] In 2010 he served as president of the National Press Club and was president of the North American Agricultural Journalists in 2010-2011.[3] ; Alan Bjerga: Bjerga, who grew up on a farm near the town of Motley, Minnesota,[4] went to Concordia College (Minnesota) where he earned a bachelor's degree in history and English literature and edited the student newspaper, The Concordian. He earned a master's degree in mass communication from the University of Minnesota, where he was the managing editor of The Minnesota Daily. In 2012 he was an inaugural winner of the university's award for outstanding journalism alumni under 40,[5]  and in 2013 received Concordia College's annual "Sent Forth" award given to an outstanding young alumnus.[6] ; Alan Bjerga: Bjerga began his career with the St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minn.) and also reported for the Sioux Falls (S.D.) Argus Leader and The Wichita Eagle (Kan.).[7] ; Alan Bjerga: Alan Bjerga was a contestant on the game show, "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" where he won $50,000. He was a second-place finisher on Jeopardy!'[8] At his National Press Club inaugural on January 30, 2010, he played guitar and sang lead vocals with "Honky Tonk Confidential", a retro/alt country band with songs written by former CBS Face the Nation anchor, Bob Schieffer.[9] He has also competed for the standup comedy title of "DC's Funniest Journalist."[10] ; Alan Bjerga: Bjerga has been recognized for his work with awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers, the New York Press Club, the Kansas Press Association, the North American Agricultural Journalists, and the Overseas Press Club. He has commented on food and agriculture for Bloomberg Television, National Public Radio, the BBC and PBS Newshour, among other programs. Bjerga won the NAAJ's top writing award in 2005 while working for the Knight-Ridder Washington Bureau, where as a Midwest correspondent also covered foreign policy issues including defense contracting and intelligence related to the Iraq war.[11]
Knowledge1:  Rose Beaudet (born Eliza Lang; 1862&ndash;1947) was an American actress and opera singer of the late 19th and early 20th century who regularly appeared in musical theatre. She was born as Eliza Lang, the daughter of Councilman Lewis H. Lang (1836-1912) of Stockton near San Francisco, and his wife Mary Ann Lang (1848 -1878). She married S. Arlant Edwards on 15 January 1891, but had divorced him by 1902. She appeared with the C. D. Willard Company in 1903. A mezzo-soprano, Beaudet's appearances on Broadway included Eva in The Beggar Student at the Casino Theatre (1883 - 1884), Amorita at the Casino Theatre (1885), Captain Delauney in Erminie at the Casino Theatre (1886), a role played  Rose Beaudet  Rose Beaudet (born Eliza Lang; 1862–1947) was an American actress and opera singer of the late 19th and early 20th century who regularly appeared in musical theatre.  She was born as Eliza Lang, the daughter of Councilman Lewis H. Lang (1836-1912) of Stockton near San Francisco, and his wife Mary Ann Lang (1848 -1878). She married S. Arlant Edwards on 15 January 1891, but had divorced him by 1902. She appeared with the C. D. Willard Company in 1903.  A mezzo-soprano, Beaudet's appearances on Broadway included Eva in "The Beggar Student" at the Casino Theatre (1883 - 1884), "Amorita" at the Casino Theatre (1885), Captain Delauney in "Erminie" at the Casino Theatre (1886), a role played in the original London production by Kate Everleigh, " The Kitchen Belle" (1889), Mrs St Mirim in "Miss Innocence Abroad" at the Bijou Theatre (1894), Catherine in "Lost, Strayed or Stolen" at the Fifth Avenue Theatre (1896), "All on Account of Eliza" at the Garrick Theatre and Wallack's Theatre (1900 - 1901), "The Cardinal" at the Garden Theatre (1902), Mrs Jefferson Briscoe in "The County Chairman" at Wallack's Theatre (1903 - 1904), Marcie Brook in "Miss Jack" at the Herald Square Theatre (1911), and Mrs Kennion in "The Younger Generation" and in "Half an Hour" at the Lyceum Theatre (1913).  She died in 1947 and is buried in Stockton Rural Cemetery with her father, mother and sister. [sep] Knowledge2: Rose Beaudet: Rose Beaudet (born Eliza Lang; 1862–1947) was an American actress and opera singer of the late 19th and early 20th century who regularly appeared in musical theatre. ; Rose Beaudet: She was born as Eliza Lang, the daughter of Councilman Lewis H. Lang of Stockton near San Francisco, and his wife Mary Ann Lang. She married S. Arlant Edwards on 15 January 1891,[1] but had divorced him by 1902. She appeared with the C. D. Willard Company in 1903.[2] ; Rose Beaudet: A mezzo-soprano, Beaudet's appearances on Broadway included Eva in The Beggar Student at the Casino Theatre (1883 - 1884), Amorita at the Casino Theatre (1885), Captain Delauney in Erminie at the Casino Theatre (1886), a role played in the original London production by Kate Everleigh,  The Kitchen Belle (1889), Mrs St Mirim in  Miss Innocence Abroad at the Bijou Theatre (1894), Catherine in Lost, Strayed or Stolen  at the Fifth Avenue Theatre (1896), All on Account of Eliza at the Garrick Theatre and Wallack's Theatre (1900 - 1901), The Cardinal at the Garden Theatre (1902), Mrs Jefferson Briscoe in  The County Chairman  at Wallack's Theatre (1903 - 1904), Marcie Brook in Miss Jack  at the Herald Square Theatre (1911), and Mrs Kennion in The Younger Generation and in Half an Hour  at the Lyceum Theatre (1913).[3][4]
Knowledge1:  Jean Gabriel Marie (1907–1970) was a French composer.  Jean Gabriel Prosper Marie (8 January 1852 – 29 August 1928) was a French romantic composer and conductor.  He directed of the Institut Gabriel-Marie in Marseille for many years until his death at age 63. Jean Gabriel Marie (1907–1970)  Jean Gabriel Marie (1907–1970) was a French composer. [sep] Knowledge2: Jean Gabriel-Marie: Jean Gabriel Prosper Marie (8 January 1852 – 29 August 1928) was a French romantic composer and conductor. ; Jean Gabriel-Marie: He was the father of the composer Jean Gabriel Marie. ; Jean Gabriel-Marie: Gabriel-Marie's works include La Cinquantaine ("The Golden Wedding", 1887) for cello and piano, for octet, and in various other arrangements. He also composed many dance pieces, notably the waltz Sous les firnes ("Under the Ash Trees", 1884) and the highly original polka Frais minois ("Fresh Face"). Sérénade Badine achieved some popularity by its numerous arrangements, including those for saxophone and piano, and cello and piano, as did other chamber works and light works for orchestra.[1]
Knowledge1: George Birnie Esslemont (1860 – 2 October 1917) was a Scottish Liberal politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament for Aberdeen South in 1907, and held the seat until he resigned in 1917. He married Clementine Macdonald who became President of the Aberdeen Women's Liberal Association. Their daughter was Mary Esslemont who became a leading doctor and was born in Aberdeen in 1891.  Esslemont began his medical career in Aberdeen but moved to Australia in 1902. There he took a position at Ararat Hospital and became the District Surgeon and Health Officer for Alexandar County. He returned to Aberdeenshire in 1903 and, later that same year, left for South Africa in the hopes that the climate would be beneficial to his health. He worked in South Africa for five years, serving as Medical Officer of a government hospital and then as the District Surgeon at Kroonstad. He returned to Britain in 1908 and took a position as the Resident Medical Officer of the Home Sanatorium in Bournemouth, England. This was one of many facilities established for the care and [sep] Knowledge2: George Esslemont: George Birnie Esslemont (1860 – 2 October 1917) was a Scottish Liberal politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament for Aberdeen South in 1907, and held the seat until he resigned in 1917.[1] ; George Birnie Esslemont: George Birnie Esslemont JP (* 1860; † 2. Oktober 1917)[1] war ein schottischer Politiker. Er wurde als Sohn des Politikers Peter Esslemont geboren, der bei den Unterhauswahlen 1885 für die Liberal Party das Mandat des Wahlkreises East Aberdeenshire errang. Esslemont war als Kaufmann tätig und ein Justice of the Peace für Aberdeen. Im Jahre 1890 ehelichte er Clementina Macdonald.[2] ;  George Birnie Esslemont (1860 - 1917) : George was born in 1860. He was the son of Peter Esslemont and Georgiana Birnie. He died in 1917. ;  George Birnie Esslemont (1860 - 1917) : Have you taken a DNA test? If so, login to add it. If not, see our friends at Ancestry DNA.;  George Birnie Esslemont (1860 - 1917) : George is 18 degrees from Sandra O'Connor, 21 degrees from Jane Birkin, 26 degrees from Wim de Bie, 22 degrees from Christine Farris, 31 degrees from Just Fontaine, 20 degrees from Françoise Gilot, 25 degrees from Barry Humphries, 32 degrees from Henry Kissinger, 20 degrees from Bob Knight, 19 degrees from Jesse McReynolds, 19 degrees from Gordon Pinsent and 26 degrees from 章一郎 豊田 on our single family tree. Login to find your connection.
Knowledge1: Shorty Hamilton (September 9, 1879 &ndash; March 7, 1925) was an American actor and silent film comedian who appeared in more than 80 films, mostly westerns, from 1909 to 1925. His birth name was William John Schroeder, and he was also known as "Jack Hamilton." He had served in the United States Cavalry for several years and worked as a cowboy in Montana and Texas. He was best known for the "Adventures of Shorty" series of two-reel silent films that were released from 1912 to 1917.  Before becoming an actor, Hamilton served six years in the United States Cavalry and worked as a cowboy for five years in Montana and Texas. As an actor, he appeared in many of the western films produced by Thomas H. Ince, including The Great Smash. He was described as "an extremely likeable little chap who combines the wonderful riding, lassoing, cow-punching stunts of the true westerner with the polished, quick-wittedness of the New York society man."  Hamilton was best known for the "Adventures of Shorty" series of two-reel comedies in which he starred from 1914 to 1917. There were more than 35 two-reel films featuring Hamilton as the "Shorty" character, a cowboy with a trained horse&mdash;his "remarkably intelligent horse, Beauty." W. H. Clifford continued the series at his short-lived film company. Hamilton was not the only big talent associated with the "Shorty" pictures; the films were produced by Thomas H. Ince, many were written by the noted screenwriter C. Gardner Sullivan, and the directors included Francis Ford. Aside from the trained horse, Hamilton's co-stars in the "Shorty" pictures included Enid Markey and Charles Ray.  The last of the "Adventures of Shorty" films was released in 1917. However, Hamilton continued to appear in western genre films. In March 1925, Hamilton died at age 45 when his automobile crashed into a steam shovel standing in a street in Hollywood.  Hamilton's popularity drew attention to his personal life as well as his screen performances. In the fall of 1914, less than six months after the release of Shorty Escapes Matrimony, Hamilton married Ethel Spurgin. Hamilton met Spurgin, who was a fan of Hamilton's work, at an appearance at a movie theater in Venice, Los Angeles, California. The two married less than two months after they met. Shorty Hamilton  Shorty Hamilton (September 9, 1879 – March 7, 1925) was an American actor and silent film comedian who appeared in more than 80 films, mostly westerns, from 1909 to 1925. His birth name was William John Schroeder, and he was also known as "Jack Hamilton." He had served in the United States Cavalry for several years and worked as a cowboy in Montana and Texas. He was best known for the "Adventures of Shorty" series of two-reel silent films that were released from 1912 to 1917. [sep] Knowledge2: Shorty Hamilton: Shorty Hamilton (September 9, 1879 – March 7, 1925) was an American actor and silent film comedian who appeared in more than 80 films, mostly westerns, from 1909 to 1925. His birth name was William John Schroeder, and he was also known as "Jack Hamilton."  He had served in the United States Cavalry for several years and worked as a cowboy in Montana and Texas.  He was best known for the "Adventures of Shorty" series of two-reel silent films that were released from 1912 to 1917. ; Shorty Hamilton: Before becoming an actor, Hamilton served six years in the United States Cavalry and worked as a cowboy for five years in Montana and Texas.[1]  As an actor, he appeared in many of the western films produced by Thomas H. Ince, including The Great Smash.  He was described as "an extremely likeable little chap who combines the wonderful riding, lassoing, cow-punching stunts of the true westerner with the polished, quick-wittedness of the New York society man."[1] ; Shorty Hamilton: Hamilton was best known for the "Adventures of Shorty" series of two-reel comedies in which he starred from 1914 to 1917.[2][3]  There were more than 35 two-reel films featuring Hamilton as the "Shorty" character, a cowboy with a trained horse—his "remarkably intelligent horse, Beauty."[1] W. H. Clifford continued the series at his short-lived film company. ; Shorty Hamilton: Hamilton was not the only big talent associated with the "Shorty" pictures; the films were produced by Thomas H. Ince, many were written by the noted screenwriter C. Gardner Sullivan,[4] and the directors included Francis Ford.  Aside from the trained horse, Hamilton's co-stars in the "Shorty" pictures included Enid Markey and Charles Ray. ; Shorty Hamilton: Hamilton's popularity drew attention to his personal life as well as his screen performances.  In the fall of 1914, less than six months after the release of Shorty Escapes Matrimony, Hamilton married Ethel Spurgin.  Hamilton met Spurgin, who was a fan of Hamilton's work, at an appearance at a movie theater in Venice, Los Angeles, California.  The two married less than two months after they met.[5]
Knowledge1: .  . [sep] Knowledge2: Nandor Balazs: Nandor Balazs (Hungarian: Balázs Nándor László, Budapest, July 7, 1926—Setauket, New York, August 16, 2003)[1] Hungarian-American physicist, external member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (from 1995).; Nandor Balazs: Balazs attended to the Rácz private primary school and was a classmate of Janos Kemeny. Nandor Balazs received a Master degree at the University of Budapest (1948). Balazs left the communist Hungary in 1949. He received a PhD at the University of Amsterdam (1951).; Nandor Balazs: After receiving his PhD Nandor spent two years as assistant to Schroedinger at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies, one year as assistant to Einstein at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, and was Associate Professor of Physics at the University of Alabama during the years 1953-56. In 1961 he went to the Stony Brook University.[2] During his life, Prof. Balazs had close friendships and working collaborations with Schroedinger, Paul Dirac (Dirac's wife, Margit Wigner, was Hungarian), Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, Eugene Wigner, and other major figures in 20th-century physics.; Nandor Balazs: Professor Balazs maintained contacts in his native Hungary and occasionally brought Hungarian physicists to the US. In his collaborations with people in Budapest (notably Béla Lukács and Jozsef Zimányi), he dealt with relativistic heavy-ion collisions and thus provided a connection between Stony Brook (a home of RHIC theory) and Hungary.; Nandor Balazs:  Wikimedia Foundation.    2010.
Knowledge1: Maurice Georges Eugène Le Boucher (25 May 1882 – 9 September 1964), was a French organist, composer, and pedagogue. Le Boucher was born in Isigny-sur-Mer. In 1904, he entered the Conservatoire de Paris, where he was a student of Gabriel Fauré. In 1907, Le Boucher won the prestigious Grand Prix de Rome. Later, he became professor at the École Niedermeyer and organist at St. Germain-l'Auxerrois in Paris. He wrote an Organ Symphony in E major, which was published in 1917 by Éditions Leduc, Paris. He wrote a drama on Oscar Wilde la Duchesse de Padoue which was published by Salabert in 1931. In 1920, he was appointed as director of the Montpellier Conservatory, a post he held for 22 years. His students included André David. Le Boucher died in 1964 in Paris. [sep] Knowledge2: Maurice Le Boucher: Maurice Georges Eugène Le Boucher (25 May 1882 – 9 September 1964), was a French organist, composer, and pedagogue. ; Maurice Le Boucher: Le Boucher was born in Isigny-sur-Mer. In 1904, he entered the Conservatoire de Paris, where he was a student of Gabriel Fauré. In 1907, Le Boucher won the prestigious Grand Prix de Rome. Later, he became professor at the École Niedermeyer and organist at St. Germain-l'Auxerrois in Paris. He wrote an Organ Symphony in E major, which was published in 1917 by Éditions Leduc, Paris. He wrote a drama on Oscar Wilde la Duchesse de Padoue which was published by Salabert in 1931. In 1920, he was appointed as director of the Montpellier Conservatory, a post he held for 22 years. His students included André David. ; Maurice Le Boucher: Le Boucher died in 1964 in Paris. ; Maurice Le Boucher: This article about a French composer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  					Category:Le Boucher, Maurice				: The following 1 pages are in this category, out of 1 total.
Knowledge1: T. P. Poonatchi is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Manachanallur constituency. He represents the Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party. [sep] Knowledge2: T. P. Poonatchi: T. P. Poonatchi is an Indian politician and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Manachanallur constituency. He represents the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party.[1] ; T. P. Poonatchi: This article about an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: J.-Wilfrid Dufresne  J.-Wilfrid Dufresne (5 August 1911 – 30 June 1982) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. Born in Quebec City, Quebec, he held various other jobs such as interior decorator, promoter, teacher, a Quebec provincial public servant, a federal statistician for the Minimum Wages Commission.<ref name=CPG />  Dufresne attended schools at the Saint-Sauveur orphanage, Saint-Sauveur Academy and St. Mary's College.<ref name=CPG57 />  He was elected to Parliament at the Quebec West riding in the 1953 general election as a Progressive Conservative, defeating Liberal party incumbent Charles Parent. Dufresne served only one term in Parliament before Liberal René Bégin won the riding back in the 1957 election. His next attempt to win a House of Commons seat was made in the 1972 election where he was a Social Credit candidate at Langelier riding, but was unable to unseat incumbent Jean Marchand. His last federal campaign was in the 1979 election at Québec-Est where he returned to the Progressive Conservative party, but was again unsuccessful. Section::::References. <references /> [sep] Knowledge2: René Magritte: Magritte's constant play with reality and illusion has been attributed to the early death of his mother. Psychoanalysts who have examined bereaved children have hypothesized that Magritte's back and forth play with reality and illusion reflects his "constant shifting back and forth from what he wishes—'mother is alive'—to what he knows—'mother is dead'."[41]
Knowledge1: The son of a wealthy Belgian textile industrialist, Robert Jonckheere developed early in life an enthusiasm for astronomy. At age 12, he began to travel in England to learn the language and the textile industry. He attended secondary school at the lycée of Tourcoing and attended college at Notre Dame des Victoires de Roubaix. With his family fortune, he built a private observatory on the roof of the family home in 1905 and became a member of l'société astronomique de France. In 1907, he found a site for a new observatory on a hill 20 meters above the surrounding land, which is now in the city of Hem near Lille. Construction started in December 1907 and ended with the installation of the telescope under the dome in 1909. [sep] Knowledge2: Aimable Robert Jonckheere: Jonckheere was born in Hem, near Lille in France, in a house attached to an observatory.[1] His father was Robert Jonckhèere, a French astronomer known for discovering 3350 double stars. Jonckheere took a first class degree in psychology with statistics in 1949 and a PhD in 1956, both from UCL.[1]
Knowledge1:  Camara was born in the Senegalese interior, though his exact date and place of birth are not known. His ethnicity has been described as Soninke, but a French contemporary described Camara as having "a mix of Moor and Berber blood" and notes that he spoke the Toucouleur language. Camara was recruited as a laptot or colonial soldier, probably in the early 1870s. In Dakar, January 1880, he volunteered to join an expedition led by Franco-Italian explorer Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza from the coast of Gabon to the Congo River. The mission included 11 other West African soldiers, 4 Gabonese interpreters, and 4 Frenchmen including Brazza. Camara quickly proved his worth on [sep] Knowledge2: Arafan Camara: General Arafan Camara (2 January 1948 – 6 January 2008) was a politician and military official in Guinea. Camara was named defense minister on 28 March 2007 after mass protests forced a new government. He was dismissed as minister on 12 May 2007 after soldiers rioted concerning better working conditions and the re-instatement of sacked military leaders. He was replaced by retired Army General Bailo Diallo. He died on 6 January 2008, 4 days after his 60th birthday. ; Arafan Camara: This article about a Guinean politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Arafan Camara: This biographical article related to an African military person is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  Arafan Camara : General Arafan Camara (1948 – January 6, 2008) was a politician and military official in Guinea. Camara was named Defense Minister on 28 March 2007 after mass protests forced a new government. He was dismissed as minister on 12 May 2007 after soldiers rioted concerning better working conditions and the re-instatement of sacked military leaders. He was replaced by retired Army General Bailo Diallo. He died on January 6, 2008 at the age of 60.
Knowledge1:  . [sep] Knowledge2: George Lewis: George Lewis may refer to:
Knowledge1: Louis Edward O'Dea (died 19 February 1955) was an Irish politician and solicitor. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the 1923 general election. He did not take his seat in the Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy. He did not contest June 1927 general election. In 1944 as a member of Fianna Fáil, he was elected to the 5th Seanad on the Cultural and Educational Panel. [sep] Knowledge2: Louis O'Dea: Louis Edward O'Dea (died 19 February 1955) was an Irish politician and solicitor. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway constituency at the 1923 general election.[1]  He did not take his seat in the Dáil due to Sinn Féin's abstentionist policy. He did not contest June 1927 general election.[2] He was an unsuccessful candidate for the Galway West constituency at the 1938 general election.[2] In 1944 as a member of Fianna Fáil, he was elected to the 5th Seanad on the Cultural and Educational Panel.[1] ; Louis O'Dea: This article about a Teachta Dála (TD) – a member of Dáil Éireann – is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Louis O'Dea: This article about a member of Seanad Éireann is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Canon Derek Ingram Hill (11 September 1912 – 20 October 2003) was an Anglican priest, notable as a pastor, administrator and historian, active mainly in the south-east of England and particularly in the city of Canterbury and its cathedral.  Derek Ingram Hill was born in Wimbledon, London but moved to Margate in 1916 for health reasons. At the age of 11, he was sent to The King's School, Canterbury, where he first formed a strong attachment to the cathedral and its pattern of worship and wrote a short guide to it. He then went to Trinity College, Oxford, to study modern history. At Trinity he developed a wider interest in the medieval churches of England. He visited every cathedral in the country by bicycle and wrote a study of the stained glass of Oxford. Moving to Wells Theological College to study for ordination, he again wrote a study of stained glass in local churches.  Ingram Hill was ordained in 1935 and became curate at Buckland-in-Dover. This facilitated his developing interest in the cathedrals and abbeys of northern France, which he explored each summer, as usual by bicycle. However, he also built a growing reputation for his parish work, moving to a further curacy at St Andrew's, Croydon, in 1939, and later taking over as priest-in-charge and then vicar at Holy Innocents, South Norwood. This was at a time of constant danger during the London Blitz, but he made a great success of Holy Innocents, where he ministered for 14 years. Ingram Hill was invited to return to Canterbury by Archbishop Geoffrey   In 1964, while still at St Gregory's, Ingram Hill was appointed a member of the college of Six Preachers – originally a body charged by Archbishop Thomas Cranmer with preaching against Roman Catholicism, but by this time an honorific appointment, allowing the holder to sit with the Dean and Canons in cathedral services. He was made an Honorary Canon of the Cathedral in 1970. In 1976 Archbishop Donald Coggan appointed Ingram Hill a Canon Residentiary, a full-time member of the Cathedral Chapter. He held this position until his retirement in 1983. He was noted for his enthusiasm in promoting community interest in the cathedral itself and the churches of the surrounding city and countryside, as well as his punctilious   Derek Ingram Hill was married to Violet, who died in 1998. They had a daughter, who died in 2002, and a son. [sep] Knowledge2: Derek Ingram Hill:  Canon Derek Ingram Hill (11 September 1912 – 20 October 2003) was an Anglican priest, notable as a pastor, administrator and historian, active mainly in the south-east of England and particularly in the city of Canterbury and its cathedral. ; Derek Ingram Hill: Derek Ingram Hill was born in Wimbledon, London but moved to Margate in 1916 for health reasons.[1] At the age of 11, he was sent to The King's School, Canterbury, where he first formed a strong attachment to the cathedral and its pattern of worship and wrote a short guide to it. He then went to Trinity College, Oxford,[2] to study modern history. At Trinity he developed a wider interest in the medieval churches of England. He visited every cathedral in the country by bicycle and wrote a study of the stained glass of Oxford. Moving to Wells Theological College to study for ordination, he again wrote a study of stained glass in local churches. ; Derek Ingram Hill: Ingram Hill was ordained in 1935 and became curate at Buckland-in-Dover. This facilitated his developing interest in the cathedrals and abbeys of northern France, which he explored each summer, as usual by bicycle. However, he also built a growing reputation for his parish work, moving to a further curacy at St Andrew's, Croydon, in 1939, and later taking over as priest-in-charge and then vicar at Holy Innocents, South Norwood. This was at a time of constant danger during the London Blitz, but he made a great success of Holy Innocents, where he ministered for 14 years. ; Derek Ingram Hill: Ingram Hill was invited to return to Canterbury by Archbishop Geoffrey Fisher in 1957, to take up the post of Vicar of St Gregory's. From there he moved a short distance in 1965 to become Rector of St Peter and St Alphege and Master of the Hospital of St. Thomas the Martyr, Eastbridge. In 1972 his work was extended to St Mildred with St Mary de Castro, the oldest church within the city walls, which had to be restored after a fire. In common with most English cities, Canterbury was undergoing a process of suburban growth, greatly intensified by the rapid development of the centre as a tourist attraction and the growth of the University and teacher training college (now Canterbury Christ Church University). Ingram Hill initiated a series of changes in use of church buildings, with St Alphege's itself ultimately becoming the Canterbury Environment Centre. ; Derek Ingram Hill: This work led him into membership of the Redundant Churches (now the Churches Conservation Trust), a charity which takes responsibility for Anglican churches no longer required for worship. He pursued his historical and conservation interests further through the Kent Archaeological Society and the Friends of Kent Churches. He was also a member of the General Synod of the Church of England for nearly a decade, from 1965 until 1974 and, for a time, the archbishop's adviser to diocesan schools.
Knowledge1: Sebaki Devi Das Tatma (सबकी देवी दास तात्मा) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum. During the campaigns of MJF for Madhesi autonomy, Tatma took parts in rallies of the movement. Following the 2008 Constituent Assembly election, she was selected by MJF from the Proportional Representation quota to represent the party in the assembly. Prior to becoming a Constituent Assembly member, the 32-year-old Tatma worked as a domestic servant. She has four children. [sep] Knowledge2: Sebaki Devi Das Tatma: Sebaki Devi Das Tatma (Nepali: सबकी देवी दास तात्मा) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum. During the campaigns of MJF for Madhesi autonomy, Tatma took parts in rallies of the movement. Following the 2008 Constituent Assembly election, she was selected by MJF from the Proportional Representation quota to represent the party in the assembly. Prior to becoming a Constituent Assembly member, the 32-year-old Tatma worked as a domestic servant. She has four children.[1] ; Sebaki Devi Das Tatma: This article about a Nepalese politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Edwin Wesley Howard Fowles (17 June 1871 – 29 December 1945) was a barrister, journalist, and member of the Queensland Legislative Council.  Joining the community, Fowles served as the curator of the Lyme Regis Museum from 1979 to 1988, retiring from the museum after having a mild stroke. Fowles was occasionally involved in local politics, writing letters to The Times advocating preservation. Despite this involvement, he was generally considered reclusive. [sep] Knowledge2: Howard Fowles: Howard Thomas Fowles (24 January 1894 – 17 May 1973) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly  from  1941 until 1968 and a member of the Labor Party (ALP) . He was the acting Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for 3 months in 1962. ; Howard Fowles: Fowles was born in Merrylands, New South Wales. He was the son of a blacksmith,  was  educated to elementary level at state schools. From the age of 14 he worked as a linesman for the New South Wales Government Railways and was  an official in the Electrical Trades Union until 1941. In later life, he was also a poultry farmer. Fowles was elected to the New South Wales Parliament as the Labor member for the  seat of Illawarra at the 1941 state election.   . The sitting Labor member Billy Davies successfully contested the new seat of Wollongong-Kembla at that election.  He retained the seat for the next 8 elections and retired at the 1968 state election.[1] ; Howard Fowles: This article about an Australian Labor Party member of the Parliament of New South Wales is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Edwin Fowles: Fowles was born in December 1871 at Oxley, Queensland, to William Fowles, schoolteacher, and his wife Nancy (née Whittle). He began his education at home, being taught by his father before attending Brisbane Normal School. In 1884 Fowles won a government scholarship to Brisbane Grammar School, winning the Lilley medal in 1887 before attending Ormond College at Melbourne University, obtaining a Bachelor of Arts in 1893, then a Master of Arts and Bachelor of Laws in 1895.[2] ; Edwin Fowles: In 1904, Fowles married Janet Mary Archibald, the daughter of John Archibald (also a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council). Fowles died in 1945 and following a service at Kingsholme Methodist Church was cremated at Mount Thompson crematorium.[7]
Knowledge1: For the Spanish painter, see Asensio Julià Julia de Asensi (4 May 1859 – 7 November 1921) was a Spanish journalist, translator and writer.  Asensi was born at Alicante. She studied journalism at the Autonomous University of Barcelona, and she later worked for three years in the service of news of Radio Alicante-SER and Radio Nacional de España (RNE, Spanish National Radio) as the person in charge of local and provincial news. She was also correspondent for Agencia EFE and provincial contributor in the newspapers La Verdad and Información. Julia de Asensi  Julia de Asensi (4 May 1859 – 7 November 1921) was a Spanish journalist, translator and writer. [sep] Knowledge2: Julia de Asensi: Julia de Asensi (4 May 1859 – 7 November 1921) was a Spanish journalist, translator and writer. ; Julia de Asensi: This article about a Spanish writer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Julia de Asensi: Can you list the top facts and stats about Julia de Asensi?; Julia de Asensi: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Julia de Asensi: Julia de Asensi (4 May 1859 – 7 November 1921) was a Spanish journalist, translator and writer.
Knowledge1: 2014 she was shortlisted for the Artes Mundi prize, exhibiting her photography-based works, "GEN XX (1997–2001)" and "The Disobedient (The Revolutionaries)" at the Turner House Gallery, Penarth, Wales. Sanja Iveković Sanja Iveković (born 1949 in Zagreb) is a Croatian photographer, sculptor and installation artist. Her work is known to tackle such issues as female identity, media, consumerism, and political strife. Considered to be one of the leading artists from the former Yugoslavia, she continues to inspire many young artists. Iveković was born in Zagreb in 1949, when it was still part of Yugoslavia under the rule of Marshal Josip Broz [sep] Knowledge2: Đurđa Ivezić: This article about a Croatian actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Tommy Widdrington  Thomas Widdrington (born 1 October 1971) is an English former football player and manager who is currently manager of club King's Lynn Town.  As a midfielder, he made 372 appearances in the English Football League in a 15-year career, before spending five years in non-league football. His career began at Southampton in 1990, where he spent the first six years of his career most of which were in the Premier League. In 1996, he moved to Grimsby Town, helping the "Mariners" to the League Trophy and promotion out of the Second Division in 1998. The next year he moved on to Port Vale for a two-year spell. Voted the club's Player of the Year in 2000, he captained the "Valiants" to the League Trophy in 2001. Later in the year he was transferred to Hartlepool United, helping the club to win promotion out of League Two in 2002–03, before he moved on to Macclesfield Town. In 2005 his career in the Football League ended back at Port Vale. He then spent 2005 to 2010 at non-league Salisbury City. As a player, he enjoyed promotion four times with three clubs, and lifted the Football League Trophy twice.  Player-manager at Salisbury City for the 2009–10 season, he returned to the Football League at Southend United, as assistant manager but left the position in December 2010. He was appointed Hemel Hempstead Town manager in October 2011, before he was put it charge at Eastbourne Borough in February 2012. He left Eastbourne Borough in April 2017 and went on to work as head of recruitment at Coventry City and Bristol Rovers, before becoming caretaker-manager of the latter in November 2020. He returned to full-time management at King's Lynn Town in December 2021. [sep] Knowledge2: Thomas Widdrington: Sir Thomas Widdrington SL (died 13 May 1664) was an English judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1664. He was the speaker of the House of Commons in 1656. ; Thomas Widdrington: Widdrington was the son of Lewis Mauntlaine, alias Widdrington of Cheeseburn Grange, near Stamfordham, Northumberland. He was a student at Christ's College, Cambridge in 1617 and was awarded BA in 1621. He entered Gray's Inn in 1619 and was called to the bar in 1625. He succeeded to the estate of his father in 1630. He was Recorder of Berwick from 1631 to 1658 and Recorder  of York from 1638 to 1658. He was knighted at York on 1 April 1639.[2] ; Thomas Widdrington: In April 1640 Widdrington was elected Member of Parliament for Berwick[3] in the Short Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Berwick for the Long Parliament in November 1640. As a barrister, his legal knowledge was useful during the English Civil War. In 1651 he was chosen as a member of the Council of State, although he had declined to have any share in the trial of the king.[3] He was elected MP for York in 1654 for the First Protectorate Parliament. In 1656 he was elected MP for Northumberland in the Second Protectorate Parliament and was chosen as Speaker in September 1656, and in June 1658, he was appointed Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer. In 1659 and again in 1660, he was a member of the Council of State, and on three occasions he was one of the Commissioners of the Great Seal. He lost some of his offices when Charles II was restored.[3] In 1660, he was elected MP for York in the Convention Parliament. He was elected MP for Berwick again in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament.[2] ; Thomas Widdrington: Widdrington founded a school at Stamfordham, Northumberland, He wrote Analecta Eboracensia; some Remaynes of the city of York which was not published until 1877, when it was edited with introduction and notes by the Rev. Caesar Caine.[3] ; Thomas Widdrington: Widdrington died in 1664.[2]
Knowledge1: Jean-Marie-Victor Viel (1796–1863) was a French architect who designed the Palais de l'Industrie, an exhibition hall located between the Seine River and the Champs-Élysées which was erected for the Paris World Fair in 1855.  Viel was born on January 28, 1997, in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada. [sep] Knowledge2: Jean-Marie-Victor Viel: Jean-Marie-Victor Viel (1796–1863) was a French architect who designed the Palais de l'Industrie, an exhibition hall located between the Seine River and the Champs-Élysées which was erected for the Paris World Fair in 1855.[1] ; Jean-Marie-Victor Viel: This article about a French architect is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jean-Marie-Victor Viel: Jean-Marie-Victor Viel (1796–1863) was a French architect who designed the Palais de l'Industrie, an exhibition hall located between the Seine River and the Champs-Élysées which was erected for the Paris World Fair in 1855.[1]; Jean-Marie-Victor Viel: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Virginia Haviland (May 21, 1911 – January 6, 1988) was an American librarian and writer who became an international authority in children's literature. She chaired the prestigious Newbery-Caldecott Award Committee, traveled and wrote extensively. Haviland is also well known for her Favorite Fairy Tales series, featuring stories from sixteen countries.  Virginia Haviland was born in Rochester, New York, to William J. Haviland and Bertha M. Esten. She grew up mainly in Massachusetts. During her childhood, she traveled abroad and spent time with two aunts who entertained international visitors in their home. The early influence of contact with international visitors may have influenced her adult interest in traveling and working with international colleagues. Haviland held a BA in economics and mathematics from Cornell University (1933). She became a children's librarian in 1934 for the Boston Public Library, under the tutelage of Alice Jordan, founder of children's services there. She was a branch librarian and children's librarian at Boston from 1948 to 1952, and a reader's adviser for children from 1952 to 1963. Haviland studied folklore   Russia. Some of these stories may seem violent or fantastical to our modern sensibilities, yet they often reflect the deepest yearnings and imaginings of the human mind and heart. Virginia Haviland traveled abroad frequently and was able to draw upon librarians, storytellers, and writers in countries as far away as Japan to help her make her selections. But she was also an avid researcher with a keen interest in rare books, and most of the stories she included in the series were found through a diligent search of old collections. Ms. Haviland was associated with the Boston Public Library for nearly   Haviland was awarded the Regina Medal "for continuous distinguished contribution to children's literature" from the Catholic Library Association in 1976, and the Grolier Award for "unusual contributions to the stimulation and guidance of reading by children and young people" by the ALA that same year. The ALA would also give her an Honorary Life Membership in 1982 "for her many accomplishments on behalf of children and for those professionals who work with children in the United States and throughout the world ... the Association joins her colleagues who have bestowed upon her the rank of Ambassador for Children's Books." Her "interest and participation in the international arena was ahead of her time and gave the United States an established place in international children's library and literature organizations. She left a worthy legacy for children's literature at the Library of Congress at the culmination of her career."  was invited to found the Center for Children's Literature at the Library of Congress in Washington DC. She became its first Head in 1963, and worked for the Library of Congress until her retirement in 1981. In a note to Haviland's cousin, author C. S. Haviland, fellow Regina Medal-winning author Jane Yolen wrote: "She was funny, acerbic, brilliant, and did not suffer fools at all. She was also gracious, never condescending, and saw her calling (as a librarian) as one of the highest callings of all. Her knowledge of American and British children's literature—and folklore in particular—was encyclopedic. It's been years since she died, but I still think of her." Virginia Haviland died of a stroke on January 6, 1988, in Washington, D.C. Virginia Haviland  Virginia Haviland (May 21, 1911 – January 6, 1988) was an American librarian and writer who became an international authority in children's literature. She chaired the prestigious Newbery-Caldecott Award Committee, traveled and wrote extensively. Haviland is also well known for her "Favorite Fairy Tales" series, featuring stories from sixteen countries. [sep] Knowledge2: Virginia Haviland: Virginia Haviland (May 21, 1911 – January 6, 1988) was an American librarian and writer who became an international authority in children's literature.[1] She chaired the prestigious Newbery-Caldecott Award Committee, traveled and wrote extensively. Haviland is also well known for her Favorite Fairy Tales series, featuring stories from sixteen countries. ; Virginia Haviland: Virginia Haviland was born in Rochester, New York, to William J. Haviland and Bertha M. Esten. She grew up mainly in Massachusetts. During her childhood, she traveled abroad and spent time with two aunts who entertained international visitors in their home. The early influence of contact with international visitors may have influenced her adult interest in traveling and working with international colleagues.[2][3][4][5] ; Virginia Haviland: Haviland held a BA in economics and mathematics from Cornell University (1933). She became a children's librarian in 1934 for the Boston Public Library, under the tutelage of Alice Jordan, founder of children's services there. She was a branch librarian and children's librarian at Boston from 1948 to 1952, and a reader's adviser for children from 1952 to 1963. Haviland studied folklore under Albert B. Lord at Harvard. ; Virginia Haviland: In 1949 Haviland gave the New England Library Association's Hewins Lecture for research in the history of children's literature about nineteenth-century travel books for children, and taught Library Service to Children and Reading Guidance for Children at Simmons University School of Library Science from 1957 to 1962.  She also reviewed for The Horn Book Magazine for about thirty years.[6] ; Virginia Haviland: Haviland chaired the Children's Services Division of the American Library Association (ALA) from 1954 to 1955, and as such attended conferences of the International Board on Books for Children (now called the International Board on Books for Young People), the International Federation of Library Associations, and the Institutions Roundtable for Children's Literature Documentation Centers.[6]
Knowledge1: Frances Josephy  Frances Louise Josephy (February 1900 – 1985) was a British Liberal politician, journalist and lecturer. Section::::Background. She was born in Broughty Ferry, Forfarshire. She was educated at Seymour Lodge School, Dundee, before going on to St. Andrews University and Newnham College, Cambridge. She graduated from Cambridge with a degree in Classics and English. [sep] Knowledge2: Frances Josephy: Frances Louise Josephy (February 1900 – 1985) was a British Liberal politician, journalist and lecturer. ; Frances Josephy: She was born in Broughty Ferry, Forfarshire.[1] She was educated at Seymour Lodge School, Dundee, before going on to St. Andrews University and Newnham College, Cambridge.[2] She graduated from Cambridge with a degree in Classics and English.[3] ; Frances Josephy: In 1924, she joined the National League of Young Liberals. She was Research Secretary to the Radical Parliamentary Group in the House of Commons. In March 1928 she stood at the London County Council elections as a Liberal candidate for St. Marylebone alongside Harcourt Johnstone. They trailed both Municipal Reform and Labour candidates.[4] In February 1929 she was selected as prospective Liberal candidate for Winchester for the general election. She contested Winchester in 1929. This was a safe Tory seat that they had won at every election since 1885 and at the previous election, the Liberals came third. She managed to increase the Liberal vote but still finished third. During the 1929-31 parliament she was a regular attendee of debates in both houses. She was a regular contributor to 'The Forward View' the monthly journal of the National League of Young Liberals. Her column entitled 'Seen From The Gallery' reported on the role the Liberal were playing in a parliament where they held the balance of power.[5] ; Frances Josephy: In October 1930 she was the prospective Liberal candidate for Winchester for the general election. However the prospective Liberal candidate for Basingstoke withdrew just before the 1931 election. As Basingstoke was regarded as a better prospect, she switched constituencies. She contested Basingstoke in 1931, a seat the Liberals had won in 1923. In an unfavourable year for the Liberals, she retained second place. ; Frances Josephy: She was re-adopted by Devizes Liberals as their prospective parliamentary candidate for a General Election expected to occur in 1939/40.[7] In 1938-39 she served as Chairman of the National League of Young Liberals. In 1938 she advocated that all countries colonies should be handed over to the League of Nations and run through a colonial service as a first step on a path to independence.[8] In May 1939 she condemned the Chamberlain Government's betrayal of the democracies of Spain and Czechoslovakia.[9] In 1939 she became President of the National League of Young Liberals, serving through the Second world War.[10] In the early 1940s, she was an advocate of global federalism.[1] She served as Chairman of the Federal Union from 1941–45. She edited the group's paper, Federal News, from 1944–6. She contested Devizes again in 1945. With the country swinging to Labour, she dropped to third place.
Knowledge1: John Williams Tobey (August 3, 1827 &ndash; February 4, 1909) was an American architect, carpenter and builder from Neenah, Wisconsin. He served as mayor of Neenah, and served one term as an independent member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Winnebago County.  Tobey was born in Hawley, Franklin County, Massachusetts on August 3, 1827, son of John and Sybil (Lathrop) Tobey. He received a public school education and went into the trades of architect, carpenter and builder. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio in 1846, and lived in Cuyahoga and Lorain counties in that state. During the American Civil War he tried to enlist in the Ohio National Guard, but was rejected by the examining surgeon. He moved to Wisconsin in 1864, settling in Neenah. He designed the plans for the Russell House in Neenah, and superintended the erection of it, as well as the Neenah High School and the Patten Mill at Appleton.  Tobey married Lucey D. Smith, also from Massachusetts, in Cuyahoga Co., Ohio, in 1853. Lucey Tobey died suddenly on May 31, 1890 at the age of 57, leaving John with two children, Isora and Mary. Isora died April 13, 1893 of "consumption". Tobey was a member of the Royal Arcanum. He died February 4, 1909, while in Cuyahoga County, Ohio; and was buried in Oak Hill Cemetery in Neenah.  Tobey held various local offices such as county supervisor and alderman, and was elected mayor of the City of Neenah in April, 1886. He described his political position as having been brought up in the "Jeffersonian and Jacksonian school of politics, and believes in law being founded on equal rights in the strictest sense, and fearlessly executed." Tobey was elected as an Independent to the second Winnebago County Assembly district (the Towns of Neenah, Menasha, Clayton, Winchester, Winneconne, and Vinland; and the Cities of Neenah and Menasha) in 1886, with 1,408 votes to 1,185 for former State Representative and State Senator William P. Rounds, [sep] Knowledge2: John Williams Tobey: John Williams Tobey (August 3, 1827 – February 4, 1909) was an American architect, carpenter and builder from Neenah, Wisconsin. He served as mayor of Neenah, and served one term as an independent member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Winnebago County.[1] ; John Williams Tobey: Tobey was born in Hawley, Franklin County, Massachusetts, on August 3, 1827, son of John and Sybil (Lathrop) Tobey.[2] He received a public school education and went into the trades of architect, carpenter and builder. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1846, and lived in Cuyahoga and Lorain counties in that state. During the American Civil War he tried to enlist in the Ohio National Guard, but was rejected by the examining surgeon. He moved to Wisconsin in 1864, settling in Neenah. He designed the plans for the Russell House in Neenah, and superintended the erection of it, as well as the Neenah High School and the Patten Mill at Appleton. ; John Williams Tobey: Tobey held various local offices such as county supervisor and alderman, and was elected mayor of the City of Neenah in April, 1886. He described his political position as having been brought up in the "Jeffersonian and Jacksonian school of politics, and believes in law being founded on equal rights in the strictest sense, and fearlessly executed." Tobey was elected as an Independent to the second Winnebago County Assembly district (the Towns of Neenah, Menasha, Clayton, Winchester, Winneconne, and Vinland; and the Cities of Neenah and Menasha) in 1886, with 1,408 votes to 1,185 for former State Representative and State Senator William P. Rounds, (a Republican), and 157 votes for Prohibitionist E. W. Clark. Incumbent Charles B. Clark (also a former mayor of Neenah) was not a candidate, as he was (successfully) pursuing a campaign for Congress. Tobey was appointed to the standing committee on medical societies.[3] Tobey was reported in some press accounts to be a Democrat.[4] ; John Williams Tobey: He did not run for re-election in 1887, and was succeeded by Republican Walter L. Miller. ; John Williams Tobey: Tobey ran for his old Assembly seat in 1890 as a Democrat, but lost to Neenah mayor Samuel A. Cook, who received 1326 votes to 1042 for Tobey and 63 for Prohibitionist Lucius Webster.[5]
Knowledge1:  Traverso moved to Paraguay as a youth player and began his professional career with Rubio Ñú before moving to Nacional in the Primera División de Paraguay. He played on loan for Barcelona in Serie A de Ecuador. He also had a brief spell with Dundee in the Scottish Premier League. Traverso's career ended following a serious injury sustained in an automobile crash in Asunción in May 2004. His wife was also injured in the accident. Jorge Ubaldo Traverso  Jorge Traverso (born 18 October 1947) is an Argentine former footballer. [sep] Knowledge2: Jorge Traverso: Jorge Traverso may refer to: ; Jorge Traverso (footballer): Jorge Ubaldo Traverso (born 18 October 1947) is an Argentine former footballer.[1] ; Jorge Traverso (journalist): Schubert Jorge Pérez Denis (born March 29, 1954 in Montevideo), known for his sakename Jorge Traverso, is a Uruguayan journalist and newsanchor.[1] ; Jorge Traverso (footballer): Jorge Ubaldo Traverso (born 18 October 1947) is an Argentine former footballer.[1]
Knowledge1: Paolo Pellizzari (born 1956), is an Italian photographer living in Belgium. He specialises in crowds, human landscapes, he is a flaneur and observer of our world. He teaches author photography at La Cambre School of Art in Brussels and is a guest teacher at the ICP in New York.  Paolo Pellizzari was born on February 7, 1956. His photographic work finds its roots in the German School of photography. His panoramic pictures featuring crowds and human landscapes makes his work distinctive among others. He studied architecture at Université catholique de Louvain and Business at INSEAD (Fontainebleau). His work is shown in Museums and Art Galleries. Before being a photographer, starting 1981, Paolo Pellizzari worked in the business world: From 1981 to 1984, Pellizzari worked as a consultant at the Boston Consulting Group in France. From 1984 to 1989 Paolo was the founder and general manager of the Kiel Corporation in New Hampshire.   he designed hand-held computers with a touchscreen and a built-in modem. Ultimately, the company was sold to the Japanese company Murata. From 1989 to 1992, Pellizzari worked as an executive director of Neuhaus-Mondose in Belgium, overseeing the manufacturing of luxury chocolates. From 1992 to 1999, Pellizzari was the owner of Inducolor SA in Belgium and worked with the Venture Capital Arm of Li & Fung. After eight years of management, he sold Inducolor SA and quit the Business world. Starting in 1999 he dedicated all his time to photography.and became an independent photographer. Italian born he lives in Belgium. His first exhibition was   of work called The Broad Way and exhibited at the Italian Pavilion at the World Expo in Shanghai. In 2011 after some time spend in Puerta del Sol in Madrid with the Indignados, he sponsored an initiative to create a dialogue web site called www.eskutcha.com. In 2013 his work was shown in New York at Anastasia Photo Gallery. Paolo Pellizzari teaches author photography at the International Center of Photography (ICP) in New York and at l'Ecole Nationale d'Art de Lacambre in Brussels Belgium. His work for the Press is distributed by Agence Vu in Paris and Contact Press Images in New York.  Brussels with Moving Art. He was awarded first prize for Grand Prix d’auteur Couleur de France. Followed an exhibition in Paris entitled Around the World and other group exhibitions on the same theme. In 2000 he published a book entitled La France du Tour and in 2005 "The Tours of the world". This book was awarded Best Sport Book of the year 2006. In 2001, he had a solo exhibition at the Museum of modern art in Hasselt and entered into an agreement to cover the Tour de France, in the newspaper, Libération. In 2002, Paolo had two group exhibitions with the [sep] Knowledge2: Paolo Pellizzari: Paolo Pellizzari (born 1956), is an  Italian photographer living in Belgium. He specialises in crowds, human landscapes, he is a flaneur and observer of our world. He teaches author photography at La Cambre School of Art in Brussels and is a guest teacher at the ICP in New York. ; Paolo Pellizzari: Paolo Pellizzari was born on February 7, 1956. His photographic work finds its roots in the German School of photography.  His panoramic pictures featuring crowds and human landscapes makes his work distinctive among others. He studied architecture at Université catholique de Louvain and Business at INSEAD (Fontainebleau). His work is shown in Museums and Art Galleries. ; Paolo Pellizzari: Before being a photographer, starting 1981, Paolo Pellizzari worked in the business world: ; Paolo Pellizzari: From 1981 to 1984, Pellizzari worked as a consultant at the Boston Consulting Group in France.  From 1984 to 1989 Paolo was the founder and general manager of the Kiel Corporation in New Hampshire. There, he designed hand-held computers with a touchscreen and a built-in modem. Ultimately, the company was sold to the Japanese company Murata. From 1989 to 1992, Pellizzari worked as an executive director of Neuhaus-Mondose in Belgium, overseeing the manufacturing of luxury chocolates. From 1992 to 1999, Pellizzari was the owner of Inducolor SA in Belgium and worked with the Venture Capital Arm of Li & Fung. After eight years of management, he sold Inducolor SA and quit the Business world. ; Paolo Pellizzari: Starting in 1999 he dedicated all his time to photography.and became an independent photographer. Italian born he lives in Belgium.
Knowledge1: Petr Mlsna (born 13 November 1978) is a Czech politician, who served as Head of the Government Legislative Council and Minister without Portfolio of the Czech Republic from December 2012 to July 2013. He was appointed to Petr Nečas' Cabinet as an independent on 12 December 2012. Petr Mlsna  Petr Mlsna (born 13 November 1978) is a Czech politician, who served as Chairman of the Government Legislative Council and Minister without Portfolio of the Czech Republic from December 2012 to July 2013. He was appointed to Petr Nečas' Cabinet as an independent on 12 December 2012. [sep] Knowledge2: Petr Mlsna: Petr Mlsna (born 13 November 1978) is a Czech politician, who served as Chairman of the Government Legislative Council and Minister without Portfolio of the Czech Republic from December 2012 to July 2013. He was appointed to Petr Nečas' Cabinet as an independent on 12 December 2012.[1] ; Petr Mlsna: This biographical article about a Czech politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Petr Mlsna: Petr Mlsna (born 13 November 1978) is a Czech politician, who served as Chairman of the Government Legislative Council and Minister without Portfolio of the Czech Republic from December 2012 to July 2013. He was appointed to Petr Nečas' Cabinet as an independent on 12 December 2012.[1]; Petr Mlsna: Cet article est une ébauche concernant un homme politique tchèque. ; Petr Mlsna: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants.
Knowledge1:  Valdés studied at the Catholic University of Chile. She taught literature at that University (1965–1975) and, after 25 years working for the United Nations, went back to postgraduate teaching on arts at the University of Chile for some years after 2002. She writes on visual arts and literature. Two collections of her essays were published in book form, in 1996 and 2006. With Pedro Lastra she co-edited the posthumous book of Enrique Lihn, "Diario de muerte", in 1989. She was named a Fellow of the Chilean Academy of Language in 1993. In 2010 she became the first woman to serve as deputy director of the Academy. [sep] Knowledge2: Lorena Corona Valdés: From 2009 to 2012, Corona spent her first term in the Chamber of Deputies for the LXI Legislature, where she sat on the Public Education and Educational Services Commission as well as those dealing with Government and National Defense.[1] She returned to the chamber in 2015, again as a proportional representation deputy; she sits on the Economy, Constitutional Points, and Culture and Film Commissions.[1]
Knowledge1: Sir Thomas Clarges (c. 1780-17 February 1834) was the son of Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet and Louisa Skrine. He was a pupil at Eton College, matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford in 1799, and graduated from Oxford University in 1802. He succeeded as the 4th Baronet Clarges, of St. Martin's in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, on 23 December 1782. From 1803 until his death, he was Constable of Durham Castle in the County Palatine. In addition to his landed estates (including Bitchfield and Norton Disney in Lincolnshire, and Sutton-on-Derwent, near York), he also owned a half-share in the Theatre Royal, Brighton, which he had purchased in 1807. He died on 17 February 1834 at Brighton, unmarried. On his death, his baronetcy became extinct. His will was proven (by probate) in March 1834.  Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet (1751–1782) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1780 to 1782. Clarges was the son of Thomas Clarges of Aston, Hertfordshire and his wife Anne Shute of John Shute, 1st Viscount Barrington and was born on 4 October 1751. He succeeded his grandfather Sir Thomas Clarges, 2nd Baronet in the baronetcy on 19 February 1759. He was educated Eton College in 1765 and matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford in 1770. He married Louisa Skrine, daughter of William Skrine on 20 October 1777. Clarges was elected Member of Parliament for Lincoln at the 1780 general election and held the seat until his death on 23 December 1782.  Sir Thomas Clarges (c 1618 &ndash; 4 October 1695) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1656 and 1695. He played an important part in bringing about the Restoration of the Monarchy in 1660. [sep] Knowledge2: Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet:  Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet (1751–1782) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1780 to 1782. ; Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet: Clarges was the son  of Thomas Clarges of Aston, Hertfordshire and his wife Anne Shute of John Shute, 1st Viscount Barrington and was born on 4 October 1751. He succeeded his grandfather Sir Thomas Clarges, 2nd Baronet in the baronetcy on 19 February 1759. He was educated Eton College in 1765 and matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford in 1770.[1]  He married Louisa Skrine, daughter of William Skrine on 20 October 1777.[2] ; Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet: Clarges was elected Member of Parliament  for Lincoln at the 1780 general election and held the seat until his death on 23 December 1782.[2] ; Sir Thomas Clarges, 3rd Baronet: This article about a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain (1707–1800) representing an English constituency is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Thomas Clarges: Clarges was the son of John  Clarges and his wife Anne Leaver. He was an apothecary in London.[1] His sister Anne Clarges was the wife of the royalist General George Monck, later 1st Duke of Albemarle.
Knowledge1: Donald Robert Macgregor (1824 – 9 December 1889) was a Scottish politician. From 1874 to 1878 he was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Leith Burghs constituency, near Edinburgh. [sep] Knowledge2: Donald Robert Macgregor:  Donald Robert Macgregor (1824 – 9 December 1889) was a Scottish politician. From 1874 to 1878 he was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Leith Burghs constituency, near Edinburgh. ; Donald Robert Macgregor: He was born in Perth and later moved to Leith where he lived at 13 Bernard Street as an insurance agent.[1] ; Donald Robert Macgregor: He later became a merchant and steamship owner in Leith. ; Donald Robert Macgregor: He was Colonel of the Leith Volunteer Corps, 1st Midlothian Rifles, in succession to Col. Henry Arnaud HEICS.[2] ; Donald Robert Macgregor: He was married to Mary Anderson.[3]
Knowledge1: Clement Baker (by 1470 – 1516), of New Romney, Kent, was an English politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for New Romney in 1512 and 1515, and was chamberlain, commissioner of subsidy, and jurat of the town. He was also bailiff to Yarmouth. [sep] Knowledge2: Clement Baker:  Clement Baker (by 1470 – 1516), of New Romney, Kent, was an English politician. ; Clement Baker: He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for New Romney in 1512 and 1515, and was chamberlain, commissioner of subsidy, and jurat of the town. He was also bailiff to Yarmouth.[1] ; Clement Baker: This article about a 16th-century Member of the Parliament of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Belarmino Mário Chipongue (born 22 September 1974 in Lubango) is a former Angolan basketball player. Chipongue, a forward, was part of the Angola national basketball team at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2002 FIBA World Championship. [sep] Knowledge2: Belarmino: Belarmino is then asked if he could still fight a man his own weight. We do not hear an answer to this question, but in the next scene, do see the boxer undergoing the sort of medical examination normally preliminary to a match. There is a cut to his arrival at the ring to fight a Spanish boxer, Toni Alonso. This is a carefully edited scene, in the same style as the opening scene in the gym. The montage accompanies the rhythm of the combat and the sequence is punctuated by stills. From the ringside there is a cut to a scene in the Hot Club of Portugal, a jazz venue. There is no tangible link to the ex-boxer's story as he is not present. We then see Belarmino at another venue, the Ritz Clube. The fact that this is an entirely different location is not made explicit by the editing, which instead works to place the two in parallel. A strip tease is announced on stage at the Ritz Clube, followed by a shot of Fragoso staring intensely on (though we see none of the show). There is a cut to a long, high angle shot of the ex-boxer dancing with a woman and it is implied that she might be a prostitute, especially as Fragoso had just been quizzed upon rumours of his consorting with sex workers.
Knowledge1: Charles Hammock  Charles Paul Hammock (August 24, 1941 – February 15, 2014) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.  He was also active in the Black Catholic Movement and served for a time as president of the board of directors for the National Office for Black Catholics. He was one of five African-American Catholics to take their grievances against US Catholic racism to the Vatican in a bid to meet with Pope Paul VI. Their efforts were ultimately unsuccessful.  Hammock graduated from Roman Catholic High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He them received his bachelor's degree in economics from Villanova University.  He died on February 15, 2014. [sep] Knowledge2: Charles Hammock: Charles Paul Hammock (August 24, 1941 – February 15, 2014) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.[1][2] ; Charles Hammock: Hammock was also active in the Black Catholic Movement and served for a time as president of the board of directors for the National Office for Black Catholics.[3] He was one of five African-American Catholics to take their grievances against US Catholic racism to the Vatican in a bid to meet with Pope Paul VI. Their efforts were ultimately unsuccessful.[4] ; Charles Hammock: Hammock graduated from Roman Catholic High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He then received his bachelor's degree in economics from Villanova University. ; Charles Hammock: He died on February 15, 2014.[5] ; Charles Hammock: Charles Paul Hammock (August 24, 1941 – February 15, 2014) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.[1][2]
Knowledge1: Izhar Elias (born in Amsterdam, 1977) was the first guitarist to win the Dutch Music Prize. He is specialised in new music for guitar, early and chamber music. By using historical methods and original instruments, Elias has been able to recreate a musical language of the Baroque, Classic and Romantic periods. The Prince Bernard Cultural Foundation made it possible for Izhar to own a 1812 unique Guadagnini guitar. His collaboration with composers, choreographers and film makers has led to over 30 premieres and different multimedia projects. In 2014 Izhar was the feature of a documentary, where he played a classical piece written by death metal guitarist Florian Magnus Maier. Izhar Elias  Izhar Elias (born in Amsterdam, 1977) was the first guitarist to win the Dutch Music Prize. He is specialised in new music for guitar, early and chamber music. By using historical methods and original instruments, Elias has been able to recreate a musical language of the Baroque, Classic and Romantic periods. The Prince Bernard Cultural Foundation made it possible for Izhar to own a 1812 unique Guadagnini guitar. His collaboration with composers, choreographers and film makers has led to over 30 premieres and different multimedia projects.  In 2014 Izhar was the feature of a documentary, where he played a classical piece written by death metal guitarist Florian Magnus Maier. [sep] Knowledge2: Izhar Elias: Izhar Elias (Amsterdam, 1977) is een Nederlandse klassieke gitarist, gespecialiseerd in de historische uitvoeringspraktijk (barok en vroeg 19e eeuw), de kamermuziek en de hedendaagse muziek, gecombineerd met multimedia.  ; Izhar Elias: Elias kreeg vanaf zijn zevende jaar gitaarles van Ton Terra aan de Muziekschool Amstelveen. Hij studeerde aan het Prins Claus Conservatorium en het Koninklijk Conservatorium, bij het Groningen Guitar Duo en bij Zoran Dukić. In 2002 sloot hij zijn master-opleiding af met een 9,5 met onderscheiding en de Nicolaï-prijs. Hij volgde een opleiding aan de 'Accademia di Studi Superiori l´Ottocento' bij Carlo Barone in Italië (uitvoeringspraktijk 19e-eeuwse muziek). Van William Carter, Lex Eisenhardt en Adrián Rodríguez van der Spoel kreeg hij lessen barokgitaar. Van de violist Kees Hendrikse kreeg hij interpretatielessen. ; Izhar Elias: Elias geeft concerten en masterclasses in Europa, Zuidoost-Azië en Australië. Als solist werkt Elias met orkesten als het Residentie Orkest,[1] Het Gelders Orkest,[2] Nederlands Symfonieorkest, Nederlands Kamerorkest, Radio Philharmonisch Orkest,[3] Combattimento Consort en Sinfonia Rotterdam. Met Erik Bosgraaf en klavecinist Alessandro Pianu vormt hij het trio Cordevento.[4] dat zich vooral richt op repertoire uit de 17e eeuw. Voor seizoen 2011-2012 was Cordevento opgenomen in de ‘Rising Stars’ serie, met o.a. optredens in Keulen,[5] Hamburg, Birmingham,[6] Wenen, Brussel[7] en Luxemburg. In 2012 verscheen het debuutalbum van trio Cordevento, getiteld ‘La Monarcha’. Met gitarist Fernando Riscado Cordas jr. vormt Elias een duo dat zich specialiseert in het uitvoeren van muziek op historische gitaren. Verder werkt Elias regelmatig samen met componisten, choreografen, filmmakers en theaterregisseurs. ; Izhar Elias: In 2013-14 is hij artist-in-residence in de Stadsgehoorzaal Leiden. ; Izhar Elias: Omaggio a Guadagnini uit 2004 is Elias' debuut-cd. In 2007 bracht Izhar Elias samen met blokfluitist Erik Bosgraaf de cd plus dvd Big Eye uit. In juni 2009 nam hij vroeg-19e-eeuwse arrangementen van Rossini's opera Semiramide op, gespeeld op een Guadagnini-gitaar uit 1812.  In 2011 verscheen zijn cd Hommage à Debussy, met Spaanse en Franse werken die geïnspireerd zijn op composities van Claude Debussy. In 2013 bracht hij het album  Adelaide, Beethoven and the guitar uit, met 19e-eeuwse arrangementen van werken van Beethoven.
Knowledge1: Roger Morton McCardell (August 29, 1932 &ndash; November 13, 1996) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the San Francisco Giants in. Roger McCardell  Roger Morton McCardell (August 29, 1932 – November 13, 1996) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the San Francisco Giants in . [sep] Knowledge2: Claire McCardell: In 1981, Lord & Taylor re-issued the "Popover Dress" as part of a McCardell retrospective at their Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan.[20] Versions of the "Popover Dress" are held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Rhode Island School of Design, and the Museum at F.I.T.[21][22][23] Versions of the "Monastic Dress" are held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art and LACMA.[24][25][26]
Knowledge1: Antonio Calcagni (1538 in Recanati – 1593) is an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period. He apprenticed with Girolamo Lombardo in Recanati, where he completed a statue of Pope Gregory XIII (1574) started by Ludovico Lombardi and Ascoli. He also completed a statue of the poet Annibale Caro in bronze. He also completed bronze reliefs for the Basilica of Loreto. He collaborated with a younger Tiburzio Vergelli. He designed the monumental entry doors to the church of Loreto, but these were completed by his nephew Tarquinio Jacometti and his pupil Sebastiano Sebastiani. [sep] Knowledge2: Antonio Calcagni: Antonio Calcagni (1538 in Recanati – 1593) is an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period. ; Antonio Calcagni: He apprenticed with Girolamo Lombardo in Recanati, where he completed a statue of Pope Gregory XIII (1574) started by Ludovico Lombardi and Ascoli. He also completed a statue of the poet Annibale Caro in bronze. He also completed bronze reliefs for the Basilica of Loreto. He collaborated with a younger Tiburzio Vergelli. He designed the monumental entry doors to the church of Loreto, but these were completed by his nephew Tarquinio Jacometti and his pupil Sebastiano Sebastiani. ; Antonio Calcagni: Antonio Calcagni (* 18. Dezember 1536 in Recanati; † 9. September 1593 ebendort) war ein italienischer Bildhauer und Bronzegießer. ; Antonio Calcagni: Er wurde in Recanati als Sohn von Bernardino und Minerva Paulini geboren. Aufgrund seiner Veranlagung zum Zeichnen begann er seine  Ausbildung in einer Werkstatt der Familie Lombardo in Recanati. Das erste Werk war die Fertigstellung der Statue von Gregor XIII. (1574), die von Ludovico Lombardo in Ascoli begonnen wurde. Er beaufsichtigte und leitete die Arbeiten für die Basilika von Loreto. Unter den verschiedenen Gründer der Recanateser Schule, arbeitete Antonio Calcagni mit Tiburzio Vergelli und Girolamo Lombardo zusammen. ; Antonio Calcagni: Ab 1580 begann die Zusammenarbeit zwischen Calcagni und dem jüngeren Tiburzio Vergelli, mit dem er die in der napoleonischen Ära zerstörten silbernen „Apostel“ und die Dekoration der „Masillakapelle“ in der Basilika von Loreto schuf. Die Verbindung zwischen den beiden löste sich nach der Errichtung des Denkmals für Sixtus V. im Jahr 1587 auf. Antonio Calcagni starb 1593, nachdem er die Modelle für das Südtor der Basilika von Loreto angefertigt hatte, das von seinem Neffen Tarquinio Jacometti und von Sebastiano Sebastiani, ebenfalls ein Schüler Calcagnis, vollendet wurde.
Knowledge1: Philipp Crone (born 16 March 1977 in Cologne) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics. After his time in sports, he worked as journalist for different German newspapers like Sueddeutsche Zeitung and for Bayerischer Rundfunk. Philipp Crone  Philipp Crone (born 16 March 1977 in Cologne) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.  After his time in sports, he worked as journalist for different German newspapers like "Sueddeutsche Zeitung" and for Bayerischer Rundfunk. [sep] Knowledge2: Philipp Crone: Philipp Crone (born 16 March 1977 in Cologne) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.[1]; Philipp Crone: After his time in sports, he worked as journalist for different German newspapers like Sueddeutsche Zeitung and for Bayerischer Rundfunk.; Philipp Crone: Oops something went wrong: ; Rainer Crone: Crone led student visits to artists' studios, including those of Roy Lichtenstein, Donald Judd, Richard Serra, Claes Oldenburg, Richard Prince, Roni Horn, Philip Taaffe, Eric Fischl, David Salle, Julian Schnabel, and Peter Halley. He also organized lectures by artists at Columbia. ; Rainer Crone: A result of Crone’s curatorial and pedagogic initiatives was the thematic exhibition Similia/Dissimilia, conceived and organized by Crone in collaboration with his students (1986–87).  The show presented an early contemporary section (1960 to 1966) featuring artists Donald Judd, Joseph Beuys, Alighiero Boetti, John Chamberlain, Eva Hesse, Robert Ryman, Jasper Johns, Yves Klein and others, with as-yet unexhibited examples of their early work, along with the work of younger artists including Francesco Clemente, Peter Halley, Roni Horn, Anish Kapoor, Imi Knoebel, Tim Rollins & K.O.S., Philip Taaffe, Rosemarie Trockel, and Georg Herold.  This exhibition was first hosted in the US by Miriam and Ira D. Wallach Art Gallery at Columbia University, Ileana Sonnabend Gallery and Leo Castelli Gallery in New York - and was subsequently shown at Kunsthalle Düsseldorf, Germany.
Knowledge1: I.P. Paul is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city, India. He was the fourth mayor of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. I. P. Paul  I.P. Paul is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city, India. He was the fourth mayor of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. [sep] Knowledge2: Paul the Apostle: Classicist Evelyn Stagg and theologian Frank Stagg believe that Paul was attempting to "Christianize" the societal household or domestic codes that significantly oppressed women and empowered men as the head of the household. The Staggs present a serious study of what has been termed the New Testament domestic code, also known as the Haustafel.[332] The two main passages that explain these "household duties" are Paul's letters to the Ephesians[333] and to the Colossians.[334] An underlying Household Code is also reflected in four additional Pauline letters and 1 Peter: 1 Timothy 2:1ff, 8ff; 3:1ff, 8ff; 5:17ff; 6:1f; Titus 2:1–10[335] and 1 Peter.[336] Biblical scholars have typically treated the Haustafel in Ephesians as a resource in the debate over the role of women in ministry and in the home.[337] Margaret MacDonald argues that the Haustafel, particularly as it appears in Ephesians, was aimed at "reducing the tension between community members and outsiders".[338]
Knowledge1: My Room at the Bindendorfs 1937 ; Self-portrait 1942 ; Still-life 1946 ; House at Szentendre 1948 ; Root Dance 1952 ; Stone Bird 1952 ; Statue in a Cemetery 1959 ; Houses at Hastings 1959 ; Homesickness 1959 [sep] Knowledge2: Endre Balint:                                      This is a part of the Wikipedia article used under the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License (CC-BY-SA). The full text of the article is here →
Knowledge1: Aleksandr Nekrasov (footballer)  Aleksandr Maksimovich Nekrasov (; born 20 August 1998) is a Russian football player. Aleksandr Nekrasov  Aleksandr Ivanovich Nekrasov (; – 21 May 1957) was a mathematician known for his mathematical contributions to hydromechanics and aeromechanics. The Nekrasov integral equation describing surface waves is named for him. [sep] Knowledge2: Aleksandr Nekrasov (footballer): Aleksandr Maksimovich Nekrasov (Russian: Александр Максимович Некрасов; born 20 August 1998) is a Russian football player. ; Aleksandr Nekrasov (footballer): He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg on 8 July 2017 in a game against FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.[1]
Knowledge1: }   Andrian Mardiansyah (born November 14, 1978) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as midfielder for Persikota Tangerang, Persija Jakarta, Persib Bandung, Deltras Sidoarjo, PSIS Semarang, Persikabo Bogor, Persiba Balikpapan, Persidafon Dafonsoro and the Indonesia national team.  He received his first international cap on 31 July 1999 and retired from the Indonesia national football team in 1999, appearing in 5 matches. Andrian scored the first goal for Indonesia in the 1999 Southeast Asian Games football tournament against Cambodia. Andrian Mardiansyah  Andrian Mardiansyah (born 14 November 1978) is an Indonesian football player and manager who previously plays as midfielder for Persikota Tangerang, Persija Jakarta, Persib Bandung, Deltras Sidoarjo, PSIS Semarang, Persikabo Bogor, Persiba Balikpapan, Persidafon Dafonsoro and the Indonesia national team. [sep] Knowledge2: Football at the 1999 SEA Games – Men's team squads: Coach: Vincent Subramaniam
Knowledge1: Bert Myers  James Albert Myers (April 8, 1874 – October 12, 1915) was an American professional baseball player who played in parts of three seasons for the St. Louis Browns, Washington Senators and Philadelphia Phillies. He was born in Frederick, Maryland and died in Washington, D.C. at the age of 41. [sep] Knowledge2: Bert Myers: James Albert Myers (April 8, 1874 – October 12, 1915) was an American professional baseball player who played in parts of three seasons for the St. Louis Browns, Washington Senators and Philadelphia Phillies. He was born in Frederick, Maryland, and died in Washington, D.C., at the age of 41.
Knowledge1: Scott Fraser (ice hockey)  Scott Robert Fraser (born May 3, 1972) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the NHL with the Montreal Canadiens, Edmonton Oilers, and New York Rangers. He played right wing/centre and shot right-handed. [sep] Knowledge2: Scott Fraser: Scott Fraser may refer to:
Knowledge1: Giuseppe Castelli (born September 14, 1919 in Milan) was an Italian professional football player.  Giuseppe Casti was born in Carbonia, Italy in 1964. Giuseppe Castelli (footballer)  Giuseppe Castelli (born September 14, 1919 in Milan) was an Italian professional football player.  Giuseppe Castelli  Giuseppe Castelli (5 October 1907 – 19 December 1942) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres. [sep] Knowledge2: Giuseppe Castelli: Giuseppe Castelli (5 October 1907 – 19 December 1942) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres. ; Giuseppe Castelli: He competed for Italy in the 1932 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, California, in the 4 x 100 metre relay where he won the bronze medal with his teammates Ruggero Maregatti, Gabriele Salviati and Edgardo Toetti. He was killed in action during World War II.[1] ; Leo Castelli: In 1988, when there were no tax deductions for gifts to museums, Castelli gave one of the icons of postwar American art, Robert Rauschenberg's Bed (1955) to the Museum of Modern Art. In 1992, amid rumors that Castelli was negotiating to sell his archives to the Getty Center in Los Angeles, his collection was said to be worth some $2 million.[18] In October 2007, Castelli's heirs – his widow, Barbara Bertozzi Castelli, and his two children, Jean-Christophe Castelli and Nina Castelli Sundell – announced the donation of the gallery's archives from 1957 through 1999 to the Smithsonian Institution's Archives of American Art. Castelli had been interviewed for the archive's oral-history project in 1969, 1973 and 1997.[12]
Knowledge1: Harold Reetz  Harold F. Reetz Jr. (March 10, 1948 – August 15, 2022) was an American agronomist.  Section::::Early life and education. He was born in 1948 at Watseka, Illinois, and grew up on a dairy/grain farm in the east central part of the state. After receiving his B.S. degree in 1970 at the University of Illinois, he earned his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees at Purdue University in crop physiology and ecology. [sep] Knowledge2: Reetz: Reetz may refer to:
Knowledge1: Fernand Cornez (19 November 1907 in Paris – 7 December 1997 in Saint-Avertin) was a French professional road bicycle racer. In 1933, he won a stage in the Tour de France and in the Giro d'Italia. 1933 ; Tour de France: ; Winner stage 10 ; Giro d'Italia: ; Winner stage 11 ; 1934 ; GP de Cannes  Fernand Cornez  Fernand Cornez (19 November 1907 in Paris – 7 December 1997 in Saint-Avertin) was a French professional road bicycle racer.  In 1933, he won a stage in the Tour de France and in the Giro d'Italia. [sep] Knowledge2: Fernand Cornez: Fernand Cornez (19 November 1907 in Paris – 7 December 1997 in Saint-Avertin) was a French professional road bicycle racer. ; Fernand Cornez: In 1933, he won a stage in the Tour de France and in the Giro d'Italia. ; Fernand Cornez: This biographical article related to a French cycling person born in the 1900s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Fernand Cornez: Fernand Cornez (19 november 1907 - 7 december 1997) was een Frans wielrenner. ; Fernand Cornez: Cornez was professioneel wielrenner van 1930 tot 1938. Hij won in 1933 een rit in zowel de Ronde van Italië als de Ronde van Frankrijk.
Knowledge1:  In 1953-1954 - he was Instructor of the Kyiv City Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine. In 1956-1961 - he was Lecturer, Senior Lecturer, Department of Marxism–Leninism Kharkiv Aviation Institute, then Umansky Agricultural Institute. In 1961-1965 - He worked as a consultant of the Department of Science and Culture of the Central Committee of the Communist Party. In 1965-1967 - Senior Lecturer of Party History of the Kyiv National University of Construction and Architecture. In 1967-1971 - he was Counsellor Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Ukrainian SSR. In 1971-1979 - he was in office Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the [sep] Knowledge2: Volodymyr Kravets (diplomat): He participated in the 2 th, 23rd, 24th, 36th and 39th session of the General Assembly of the United Nations; headed the delegation of the Ukrainian SSR on 40-44th session of the UN on 6th, 8th and 9th Emergency Special Session, 3rd Special Session on Disarmament and the 14th Special Session of the UN General of the Namibian problem; In 1985, several presided over the meetings of the Security Council of the United Nations.
Knowledge1: Yinka Ayenuwa (born 2 May 1986 in Warri) is a Nigerian weightlifter. He competed in the men's 69 kg event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a silver medal. In 2015, he won 3 silver medals at the African Games. Yinka Ayenuwa  Yinka Ayenuwa (born 2 May 1986 in Warri) is a Nigerian weightlifter. He competed in the men's 69 kg event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where he won a silver medal. In 2015, he won 3 silver medals at the African Games. [sep] Knowledge2: Yinka Ayenuwa: Yinka Ayenuwa (born 2 May 1986 in Warri) is a Nigerian weightlifter.[1] He competed in the men's 69 kg event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games[2] where he won a silver medal.[3] In 2015, he won 3 silver medals at the African Games. ; Yinka Ayenuwa: This biographical article relating to weightlifting in Nigeria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: For other people of the same name, see Phil Williams  Philip Williams (born 5 April 1958, Birkenhead) is an English former footballer. A product of Chester's youth policy, Williams made a solitary appearance in The Football League for the club when wearing the number nine shirt during a 0–0 draw at home to Preston North End on 11 September 1976. He did not make any further first-team appearances for Chester and later played for Cray Wanderers. Phil Williams  Phil Williams may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Phil Williams: Phil Williams may refer to:
Knowledge1: James M. Bingham (February 3, 1828January 8, 1885) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He served as the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin and the 20th speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly. James M. Bingham  James M. Bingham (February 3, 1828January 8, 1885) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He served as the 13th lieutenant governor of Wisconsin, the 20th speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly, and the 13th mayor of Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin. [sep] Knowledge2: James M. Bingham: James M. Bingham (February 3, 1828 – January 8, 1885)[1] was an American lawyer and Republican politician.  He served as the 13th lieutenant governor of Wisconsin, the 20th speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly, and the 13th mayor of Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin. ; James M. Bingham: He was born in Perry, New York, in 1828, and moved to Palmyra, Wisconsin, in 1854, where he practiced law. Bingham served in the 40th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment as a major. A Republican, he served terms in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1863, 1864, 1869, 1870, and 1874 and was elected its speaker in 1870. He moved to Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin in 1870. In 1878 he was elected the 13th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin under Governor William E. Smith, an office he held for two terms until 1882. He died in 1885 in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin.[2] ; James M. Bingham: His former home, now known as the Cook-Rutledge House, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[3]
Knowledge1: Gustavo Grondona (born 16 June 1968 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine football midfielder and is currently the assistant manager of Colo Colo football club from Chile. Gustavo Grondona is the son of Héctor Grodona, brother of Julio Humberto Grondona. He made his playing debut in 1989 for the club founded by his father, Arsenal de Sarandí. Unlike his father Gustavo managed to step up to play at the highest level, appearing in the Argentine Primera División for Independiente, Huracán and Deportivo Español in the 1990s. In 1998, he joined Peruvian club Universitario de Deportes where he was part of three championship winning squads between 1998 and 2000. After a short spell with Sporting Cristal in 2001, he returned to Argentina to play out his career with Arsenal during their first ever season in the Argentine Primera. Gustavo Grondona  Gustavo Grondona (born 16 June 1968 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine football midfielder and is currently the assistant manager of Colo Colo football club from Chile.  Gustavo Grondona is the son of Héctor Grodona, brother of Julio Humberto Grondona. He made his playing debut in 1989 for the club founded by his father, Arsenal de Sarandí.  Unlike his father Gustavo managed to step up to play at the highest level, appearing in the Argentine Primera División for Independiente, Huracán and Deportivo Español in the 1990s.  In 1998, he joined Peruvian club Universitario de Deportes where he was part of three championship winning squads between 1998 and 2000.   After a short spell with Sporting Cristal in 2001, he returned to Argentina to play out his career with Arsenal during their first ever season in the Argentine Primera. [sep] Knowledge2: Gustavo Grondona: Gustavo Grondona (Buenos Aires, 16 de junio de 1968) es un exfutbolista argentino. Se desempeñaba en la posición de centrocampista. Fue sobrino del ya fallecido dirigente argentino y exvicepresidente de la FIFA Julio Grondona. Actualmente integra el Cuerpo Técnico de Pablo Guede en Colo-Colo.
Knowledge1: Ricardo Guillermo Maliandi (born in La Plata, 1930, died 12 February 2015) Argentine writer and philosopher, devoted to ethics. He was professor in many Argentine universities and researcher in CONICET. Doctor in Philosophy for Mainz University, Germany. He received Konex Prize in 1986 for his labor on ethics. As well he is chairman of Argentine Association of Ethical Researches, fellow of National Academy of Sciences and honorary member of Argentine Association of Bioethics. His researches started on axiology, especially the works of Nicolai Hartmann, from who he has translated many books. Afterward he made an approach to Discourse Ethics and became friend of one of his founders, Karl-Otto Apel. From many years he works in an original propose which he call "ethics of convergence".  Cristina Ambrosini (editor) ''Ética. Convergencias y divergencias''. Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi, Remedios de Escalada, Ediciones de la UNLa, 2009, 443 pp., ISBN: 978-987-1326-38-9. Michelini, Dorando; José San Martín y Jutta Wester (editores) Ética, discurso, conflictividad. Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi, Universidad Nacional de Río Cuarto, Argentina, 1995, ISBN: 978-950-665-019-3. Ricardo Maliandi  Ricardo Guillermo Maliandi (born in La Plata, 1930, died 12 February 2015) Argentine writer and philosopher, devoted to ethics.  He was professor in many Argentine universities and researcher in CONICET. Doctor in Philosophy for Mainz University, Germany. He received Konex Prize in 1986 for his labor on ethics.  As well he is chairman of Argentine Association of Ethical Researches, fellow of National Academy of Sciences and honorary member of Argentine Association of Bioethics.  His researches started on axiology, especially the works of Nicolai Hartmann, from who he has translated many books. Afterward he made an approach to Discourse Ethics and became friend of one of his founders, Karl-Otto Apel. From many years he works in an original propose which he call "ethics of convergence". [sep] Knowledge2: Ricardo Maliandi: Ricardo Guillermo Maliandi (La Plata, 10 de enero de 1930 - Mar del Plata, 12 de febrero de 2015)[1]​ fue un veterinario escritor y filósofo argentino, especialista en ética. Fue profesor en varias universidades argentinas e investigador de CONICET. Doctorado en Filosofía por la Universidad de Maguncia, Alemania. Obtuvo el Premio Konex en 1986 por su labor en la especialidad "ética" y en 2012 el Premio Nacional en la categoría "Ensayo filosófico" por sus trabajos sobre ética convergente. [cita requerida] ; Ricardo Maliandi: Era además presidente de la Asociación Argentina de Investigaciones Éticas, miembro titular de la Academia Nacional de Ciencias de Buenos Aires y miembro honorario de la Asociación Argentina de Bioética. Sus investigaciones comenzaron en torno a la axiología y particularmente a la obra de Nicolai Hartmann, de quien tradujo varios escritos. Posteriormente se acercó a la ética del discurso y entabló amistad con uno de sus fundadores, Karl-Otto Apel. Durante los últimos años trabajó en una propuesta original que él denominaba "ética convergente". [cita requerida] ; Ricardo Maliandi: Cristina Ambrosini (Compiladora) Ética. Convergencias y divergencias. Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi, Remedios de Escalada, Ediciones de la UNLa, 2009, 443 pp., ISBN 978-987-1326-38-9 ; Ricardo Maliandi: Michelini, Dorando; José San Martín y Jutta Wester (editores) Ética, discurso, conflictividad. Homenaje a Ricardo Maliandi, Universidad Nacional de Río Cuarto, Argentina, 1995, ISBN 950-665-019
Knowledge1: Annika Billstam (born 8 March 1976) is a Swedish orienteering competitor living in Uppsala. Formerly competing for OK Linné in Uppsala, Annika moved to Stockholm and switched to IFK Lidingö in the winter of 2007 before switching back to OK Linné in January 2012. She earned a silver medal in the relay at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kyiv. She followed that with bronze medals in the long distance and the relay at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in the Czech Republic. In 2012 Billstam won the Swedish mountain marathon Vértex Fjällmaraton. Annika Billstam  Annika Billstam (born 8 March 1976) is a Swedish orienteering competitor living in Uppsala. Formerly competing for OK Linné in Uppsala, Annika moved to Stockholm and switched to IFK Lidingö in the winter of 2007 before switching back to OK Linné in January 2012. She earned a silver medal in the relay at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kyiv. She followed that with bronze medals in the long distance and the relay at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in the Czech Republic.  In 2012 Billstam won the Swedish mountain marathon Vértex Fjällmaraton. [sep] Knowledge2: Annika Billstam: Annika Billstam (born 8 March 1976) is a Swedish orienteering competitor living in Uppsala. Formerly competing for OK Linné in Uppsala, Annika moved to Stockholm and switched to IFK Lidingö in the winter of 2007 before switching back to OK Linné in January 2012. She earned a silver medal in the relay at the 2007 World Orienteering Championships in Kyiv. She followed that with bronze medals in the long distance and the relay at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in the Czech Republic.[1] ; Annika Billstam: In 2012, Billstam won the Swedish mountain marathon Vértex Fjällmaraton. ; Annika Billstam: This biographical article about a Swedish orienteer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Annika Billstam: Tidligere:  IFK Lidingö ; Annika Billstam: Annika Billstam (født 8. mars 1976 i Uppsala) er en svensk orienteringsløper. Hun løper for OK Linné og løp tidligere for det svenske landslaget.
Knowledge1: Eric Defoort (27 June 1943 in Ypres – 16 or 17 December 2016). was a Flemish Belgian politician and president of the European Free Alliance. Between 2007 and 2009, Defoort was the president of the Flemish Popular Movement (Vlaamse Volksbeweging - VVB), a non-party linked movement advocating Flemish autonomy. In 1982 he became the chief librarian and a professor of history at the Catholic University of Brussels. At the EFA-General Assembly in Venice, March 2010, he was elected the new President of the European Free Alliance. As historian he studied in depth the history of nationalism and published on topics like identity. Defoort was a member of the Nieuw-Vlaamse Alliantie (N-VA), a party that became a full member of EFA in 2010. They supported his candidacy. As president, he saw to the organisation and strategy of the European Free Alliance. [sep] Knowledge2: Eric Defoort: Eric Defoort (27 a viz Mezheven 1943 en Ieper - 17 a viz Kerzu 2016) a oa ur politikour eus Flandrez Belgia.  ; Eric Defoort: Kelenner istor e oa eus e vicher ha levraoueger e skol-veur katolik Brusel (Katholieke Universiteit Brussel). Bet eo ezel eus kuzul-merañ skingomz ha skinwel Flandrez (Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroeporganisatie, VRT). ; Eric Defoort: E 2003 e kuitaas ar strollad NVA, abalamour d’un dizemglev gant e renerien Geert Bourgeois ha Matthias Storme. Etre miz Here 2007 hag miz Eost 2009 e voe e penn ar Vlaamse Volksbeweging. Dont a reas en-dro e-barzh an NVA goude se. ; Eric Defoort: D’ar 26 a viz Meurzh 2010 e oa bet dilennet e penn Emglev Libr Europa, e kendalc’h ar strollad-se e Venezia, war-lerc’h Nelly Maes. E 2014 en doa lezet e blas gant ar C'horsad François Alfonsi. ; Category:Eric Defoort: This category contains only the following file.
Knowledge1: Reinaldo Dalcin is a Brazilian model, mechanical engineer and the winner of the Mister Brazil 2013. He was announced the winner of Mister Brazil during the annual event held in Rio de Janeiro on April 5 of that year. At 1.80m, he represented the Delta do Jacuí Islands and was represented Brazil in Mister World 2014 on June 15, 2014, an event to be held in Torbay, England. Notes   During the 2012 January transfer window, it was announced that Chinese Super League club Beijing Guoan had bought the striker from Saudi Club Al-Raed for a reported $2 million over two years. In January 2013, it was reported that Reinaldo was loaned to China League One side Chengdu Blades for one year. However, he eventually stayed in Beijing for the 2013 season. Reinaldo Dalcin  Reinaldo Dalcin is a Brazilian model, mechanical engineer and the winner of the Mister Brazil 2013.  He was announced the winner of Mister Brazil during the annual event held in Rio de Janeiro on April 5 of that year. At 1.80m, he represented the Delta do Jacuí Islands and was represented Brazil in Mister World 2014 on June 15, 2014, an event to be held in Torbay, England. [sep] Knowledge2: Reinaldo Dalcin: Reinaldo Dalcin is a Brazilian model, mechanical engineer and the winner of the Mister Brazil 2013.[1]; Reinaldo Dalcin: He was announced the winner of Mister Brazil during the annual event held in Rio de Janeiro on April 5 of that year. At 1.80m, he represented the Delta do Jacuí Islands and was represented Brazil in Mister World 2014 on June 15, 2014, an event to be held in Torbay, England.; Reinaldo Dalcin: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Bob Cremins  Robert Anthony Cremins (February 15, 1906 – March 27, 2004) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the 1927 season. Listed at , 178 lb., Cremins batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Pelham Manor, New York.  In four relief appearances, Cremins posted a 5.04 earned run average without a decision in 5 ⅓ Innings pitched. According to "Baseball Almanac", Cremins faced Babe Ruth once and retired him on a grounder to first base. His career ended in 1928 due to an arm injury.  Following his baseball career, Cremins served in the military during World War II. After that, he worked as town supervisor and tax receiver for Pelham.  Cremins died in his homeland of Pelham at the age of 98. At the time of his death, he was the second-oldest surviving person having been a baseball player; Ray Cunningham is No. 1. [sep] Knowledge2: Bobby Cremins: Cremins announced his retirement after the 1999–2000 season with a 25-year coaching record of 452–303 (a winning percentage of .599), and with a Georgia Tech coaching record of 354–237 in 19 seasons (also a .599 winning percentage).  He is far and away the winningest coach in Georgia Tech history.
Knowledge1: Greg Windsperger (born December 30, 1951 in Minneapolis) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics. Greg Windsperger  Greg Windsperger (born December 30, 1951 in Minneapolis) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics. [sep] Knowledge2: Greg Windsperger: Greg Windsperger (born December 30, 1951 in Minneapolis) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.[1]
Knowledge1:  on to have the joint worst season in English Football League history, ending up bottom with just 8 points from 34 games and failing to be re-elected. Moralee scored in 1 of his 32 League games for Doncaster in that season, and once in 2 FA Cup games. The following season he scored 3 times, all from the penalty spot. In 1906 he moved to play for Mexborough who were also in the Midland League. He and his wife Isabella had seven children, one of whom was also called Matt Moralee who played for Gainsborough Trinity, Grimsby Town, Aston Villa and Leicester City between the wars. Matt Moralee (senior) died in Doncaster in 1962. Matt Moralee  Matthew Whitfield Moralee (1878−1962)<ref name=tree/> was an English footballer who played as a half back for The Wednesday, Doncaster Rovers and Mexborough Town from 1902.<ref name=swfc/><ref name=lfc/><ref name=bluff/>  Born in Newcastle upon Tyne, by 1901 he was living in Sheffield<ref name=tree/> where he played for Division 1 side The Wednesday, who would later change their name to Sheffield Wednesday. Moralee was seen as being part of the "rare talent" of the reserve team<ref name=romance/> though in a team that were Division 1 Champions in 1902−03 and 1903−04, he went on to only make a handful of first team appearances.<ref name=bullock/>  For the 1904−05 season, he moved to play for Doncaster Rovers who had just been voted into Division 2 and who went on to have the joint worst season in English Football League history, ending up bottom with just 8 points from 34 games and failing to be re-elected.<ref name=lfc/> Moralee scored in 1 of his 32 League games for Doncaster in that season, and once in 2 FA Cup games. The following season he scored 3 times, all from the penalty spot. In 1906 he moved to play for Mexborough who were also in the Midland League.<ref name=bluff/>  He and his wife Isabella had seven children, one of whom was also called Matt Moralee<ref name=tree/> who played for Gainsborough Trinity, Grimsby Town, Aston Villa and Leicester City between the wars. Matt Moralee (senior) died in Doncaster in 1962.<ref name=tree/> [sep] Knowledge2: Matt Moralee: Matthew Whitfield Moralee (1878–1962)[1] was an English footballer who played as a half back for The Wednesday, Doncaster Rovers and Mexborough Town from 1902.[2][3][4] ; Matt Moralee: For the 1904−05 season, he moved to play for Doncaster Rovers who had just been voted into Division 2 and who went on to have the joint worst season in English Football League history, ending up bottom with just 8 points from 34 games and failing to be re-elected.[3] Moralee scored in 1 of his 32 League games for Doncaster in that season, and once in 2 FA Cup games. The following season he scored 3 times, all from the penalty spot. In 1906 he moved to play for Mexborough who were also in the Midland League.[4] ; Matt Moralee: He and his wife Isabella had seven children, one of whom was also called Matt Moralee[1] who played for Gainsborough Trinity, Grimsby Town, Aston Villa and Leicester City between the wars. Matt Moralee (senior) died in Doncaster in 1962.[1] ; Matt Moralee (footballer, born 1912): Moralee arrived at Division 1 side Aston Villa in October 1936 where he played in 12 games scoring one goal.[2] ; Matt Moralee (footballer, born 1912): In November 1937, he moved to Leicester City who had just been promoted to Division 1. Scoring 6 goals, he played in 43 league and cup matches for them before the outbreak of the war.[4]
Knowledge1: Lloyd Ultan (born 1938) is a historian and author. A native of The Bronx in New York City, he has been the borough's historian since 1996. He is a professor of history at Fairleigh Dickinson University's Petrocelli College of Continuing Studies and a member of the adjunct faculty at Lehman College. Ultan received a B.A. in history from Hunter College in 1959 and an M.A. in history from Columbia University in 1960. He has written several books, including The Beautiful Bronx (1920-1950), The Bronx in the Innocent Years: 1890-1925, and Bronx Accent. Ultan is renowned for his walking tours. His predecessor as the official Bronx Borough Historian was Dr. William A. Tieck, who served from 1980 to 1996. Lloyd Ultan (composer) ; Lloyd Ultan (historian)  Lloyd Ultan  Lloyd Ultan may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Lloyd Ultan (composer): Lloyd Ultan (New York City, June 12, 1929 – October 26, 1998) was an American composer of contemporary classical music. ; Lloyd Ultan (composer): Ultan received a bachelor's degree from New York University, a master's degree from Columbia University, and a doctorate from the University of Iowa. In 1971, he founded, and, from 1971 to 1974, served as Director of the Composer's Residency Program at Wolf Trap Farm Park in Vienna, Virginia. ; Lloyd Ultan (composer): Ultan served as chairman of the Department of Music at American University in Washington, D.C. for 13 years, and spent a year as visiting professor of Composition and Theory at the Royal College of Music in London.  He has also lectured at Cambridge University and been a visiting composer on numerous college and university campuses in the United States. ; Lloyd Ultan (composer): He was a professor and chairman (and later emeritus professor and chairman) of composition, music theory, and electronic and computer music at the School of Music University of Minnesota, and also served as the Director of the Electronic/Computer Music Studio.  He was responsible for founding the School of Music and served as its director from 1975 to 1986. ; Lloyd Ultan (composer): He composed over 60 works for a wide variety of genres including electronic music, solo and chamber works, and compositions for voice. His works have been performed and broadcast throughout the world, including in China and Taiwan.  His works have been performed by the Tokyo String Quartet, the Pro Arte String Quartet, the Minnesota Orchestra, the St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, the Boston Symphony, William Blount, Alexander Braginsky, Young Nam Kim, Tanya Remenikova, and Thomas Murray.  He has written numerous articles and a book, Music Theory: Compositional Problems and Practices in the Middle Ages and Renaissance (with an accompanying workbook/anthology).
Knowledge1: Ivan Khomukha  Ivan Viktorovich Khomukha (; born 14 July 1994) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. [sep] Knowledge2: Ivan Khomukha: Ivan Viktorovich Khomukha (Russian: Иван Викторович Хомуха; born 14 July 1994) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Volgar Astrakhan. ; Ivan Khomukha: He made his debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Spartak-2 Moscow on 16 July 2013 in a game against FC Dynamo Bryansk.[1] He made his Russian Football National League debut for Spartak-2 on 11 July 2016 in a game against FC Sibir Novosibirsk. ; Ivan Khomukha: Khomukha joined FNL side FC Rotor Volgograd for the 2019–20 season, but after making just 16 appearances the club cancelled the defender's contract in December 2019.[2] ; Sorry, you have been blocked: This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.
Knowledge1: Bob Warlick  Robert Lee Warlick (March 20, 1941 – September 6, 2005) was an American professional basketball player.  Warlick was born in Hickory, North Carolina, and attended Ridgeview High School. The 6'5" guard/forward played at Pueblo Junior College in Colorado, then transferred to Pepperdine University in 1961. At Pepperdine, he helped the school reach the NCAA Tournament after a season in which he averaged 16.4 points and 9.6 rebounds. Warlick then played professionally in the NBA and ABA as a member of the Detroit Pistons, San Francisco Warriors, Milwaukee Bucks, Phoenix Suns, and Los Angeles Stars. He averaged 7.9 points per game in his professional career, which was cut short by a knee injury.<ref name=sg/>  Warlick later worked for Purex Industries, then established the Youth Sports Foundation in Long Beach, California. He died of a heart attack in 2005.<ref name=sg/>  Warlick's brother, Ernie Warlick, played football for the Buffalo Bills.<ref name=sg/> [sep] Knowledge2: Hickory, North Carolina: The Claremont High School Historic District, Elliott–Carnegie Library, First Presbyterian Church, Dr. Glenn R. Frye House, Clement Geitner House, Lee & Helen George House, Harris Arcade, Hickory Municipal Building, Hickory Southwest Downtown Historic District, Highland School, Hollar Hosiery Mills-Knit Sox Knitting Mills, Houck's Chapel, Kenworth Historic District, John A. Lentz House, Lyerly Full Fashioned Mill, John Alfred Moretz House, Oakwood Historic District, Piedmont Wagon Company, Propst House, Ridgeview Public Library, Shuford House, and Whisnant Hosiery Mills are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[13][14][15][16][17]
Knowledge1: Clarence Beck  Clarence Robert Beck (March 13, 1896 – August 20, 1962) was a professional football player from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Beck attended high school at Harrisburg Tech where he scored a 105-yard touchdown for Tech against their rival Steelton. After high school, Beck attended Pennsylvania State University where he became a star offensive tackle. Beck made his professional debut in the National Football League in 1925 with the Pottsville Maroons. He played in the NFL for one season. Prior to that, he played for the independent Union Quakers of Philadelphia in 1921.  In 1924 Beck helped the Maroons win the 1924 Anthracite League championship. This move placed Clarence with his brother, Carl, on the Maroons team. In 1925 the Maroons entered the NFL. That year Clarence played on the Maroons team that won the 1925 NFL Championship, before it was stripped from the team due to a disputed rules violation. [sep] Knowledge2: C. C. Beck: In April 1980 Beck became the editor of the newsletter of the Fawcett Collectors of America, which he renamed FCA/SOB for Fawcett Collectors of America/Some Opinionated Bastards (the latter phrase humorously referring to himself). Failing health forced Beck to resign the editorship after nineteen issues (Newsletter #30, dated May/June 1983).[23]
Knowledge1: Aloïs Boudry (12 August 1851, Ypres – 27 November 1938, Antwerp) was a Belgian painter known for his portraits, still lifes and interiors. [sep] Knowledge2: Aloïs Boudry: He studied at the art schools in Ypres and Roeselare and finished at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts (Antwerp), where his teachers were Nicaise De Keyser and Jozef Van Lerius.
Knowledge1: Anthony Shields (born 4 June 1980) in Strabane, Northern Ireland is an Irish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Finn Harps. He played for Peterborough United in the Football League. Tony Shields  Anthony Shields (born 4 June 1980) in Strabane, Northern Ireland is an Irish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Finn Harps. He played for Peterborough United in the Football League. [sep] Knowledge2: www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az:    Anthony Shields (born 4 June 1980) in Strabane, Northern Ireland is an Irish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Finn Harps. He played for Peterborough United in the Football League. Tony ShieldsPersonal informationFull name Anthony ShieldsDate of birth  (1980-06-04) 4 June 1980 (age 42)Place of birth Strabane, Northern IrelandHeight 5 ft 8 in (1.73 m)Position(s) MidfielderClub informationCurrent team Finn HarpsYouth career Omagh Town Norwich CitySenior career*Years Team Apps (Gls)1997–2004 Peterborough United 123 (3)2002 → Stevenage Borough (loan) 2 (0)2003 → Aldershot Town (loan) 7 (0)2004 Aldershot Town 6 (0)2004–2005 Omagh Town 26 (4)2005–2007 Limavady United 36 (2)2007–2008 Finn Harps 43 (1)2008–2009 Coleraine 14 (1)2009–2010 Institute 10 (1)2010–2011 Finn Harps 6 (0)International career Republic of Ireland U21   *Club domestic league appearances and goals External links Tony Shields at Soccerbase    ; www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az: Anthony Shields (born 4 June 1980) in Strabane, Northern Ireland is an Irish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Finn Harps. He played for Peterborough United in the Football League.
Knowledge1: Amoene van Haersolte  Jkvr. Amoëne van Haersolte (born Ernestine Amoene Sophia van Holthe tot Echten; 23 February 1890 – 11 August 1952) was a Dutch writer of prose.  Van Haersolte was born in Utrecht. She won the first P. C. Hooft Award in 1947. She died, aged 62, in Dalfsen. [sep] Knowledge2: Amoene van Haersolte: Jkvr. Amoëne van Haersolte (born Ernestine Amoene Sophia van Holthe tot Echten; 23 February 1890 – 11 August 1952) was a Dutch writer of prose.[1][2]; Amoene van Haersolte: Van Haersolte was born in Utrecht. She won the first P. C. Hooft Award in 1947.[citation needed] She died, aged 62, in Dalfsen.; Amoene van Haersolte: Oops something went wrong: ; Amoene van Haersolte: Ernestine Amoëne Sophie van Haersolte-van Holthe tot Echten (Utert, 23 febrewaris 1890 – Dalfsen, 1 augustus 1952) wie in Nederlânsk jonkfrou en skriuwster fan proaza. Yn 1947 ûntfong se de earste P.C. Hooft-priis. ; Amoene van Haersolte: Van Haersolte publisearre ûnder oaren yn Onze Eeuw, Leven en Werken en Den Gulden Winckel. Nei de Twadde Wrâldoarloch publisearre hja yn De Nieuwe Stem en Overijssel, Jaarboek voor cultuur en historie.
Knowledge1: Jim Baker (frontiersman)  Jim Baker (1818–1898), known as "Honest Jim Baker",<ref name="Van Pelt" /> was a frontiersman, trapper, hunter, army scout, interpreter, and rancher. He was first a trapper and hunter. The decline of the fur trade in the early 1840s drove many trappers to quit, but Baker remained in the business until 1855. During that time he was a friend of Jim Bridger, Kit Carson and John C. Frémont. On August 21, 1841, he was among a group of twenty three trappers who were attacked by Arapaho, Cheyenne, and Sioux on what became known as Battle Mountain. After Henry Fraeb was killed, Baker organized the trappers against the Native Americans in a multiple-day fight.  While he was a trapper, he developed expertise as a guide, leader, marksman, and interpreter with Native Americans. He operated a ferry and trading post along the Green River. He served the military as a tracker and guide, including during the Mormon Utah War, following the Meeker Massacre, and during the Battle of the Rosebud in present day Big Horn County, Montana.  He had at least three Native American wives and fourteen children. He homesteaded on what is now Clear Creek near Denver on July 3, 1859. The area became known as Baker's Crossing, and he established several businesses there. He raised cattle, operated a stone coal (anthracite) mine, a toll bridge on the Denver Boulder Wagon Road, and a store operated by two of his wives. In 1873, Baker built a cabin with a guard tower near the Little Snake River in Wyoming, where he raised livestock until his death in 1898. His cabin is currently on display at the Little Snake River Museum in Savery, Wyoming. Baker's grave is marked with a stone at Baker Cemetery near Savery. [sep] Knowledge2: Jim Baker (frontiersman): Baker fell in love with Flying Fawn, a Sioux woman and daughter of Long Lance. They were about to be married when Flash of Fire, her cousin, prepared to shoot an arrow at Baker out of jealousy. Long Lance killed Flash of Fire, saving Baker's life. It is not known if Baker and Flying Fawn were married.[1] It was also said that Baker saved a Sioux woman from starvation in the 1850s.[15]
Knowledge1:  Pete Stewart (born August 12, 1931 in Statesville, North Carolina) is a retired NASCAR Grand National Series driver who participated in 17 racing events from 1953 to 1965. Pete Stewart  Pete Stewart is a singer, guitarist, songwriter and producer from Seattle, Washington. He is the lead singer and guitarist of Grammatrain, was the lead singer for The Accident Experiment, and is the former guitarist of Tait.  Stewart released solo albums in 1999, 2007 and 2010. He served as producer, songwriter, and guitarist for the debut albums of Tait (the solo project of Michael Tait) and TobyMac, the latter of which sold over 500,000 copies.          Peter Stewart  Peter or Pete Stewart may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Pete Stewart: Pete Stewart is a singer, guitarist, songwriter and producer from Seattle, Washington. He is the lead singer and guitarist of Grammatrain,[1] was the lead singer for The Accident Experiment, and is the former guitarist of Tait.[2]
Knowledge1: Piotr Balcerzak (born 25 June 1975 in Warsaw) is a former Polish sprint athlete. He achieved the most success with the Polish 4 x 100 meters relay. He is married to another Polish sprinter, Joanna Niełacna. Piotr Balcerzak  Piotr Balcerzak (born 25 June 1975 in Warsaw) is a former Polish sprint athlete. He achieved the most success with the Polish 4 x 100 meters relay.  He is married to another Polish sprinter, Joanna Niełacna. [sep] Knowledge2: Piotr Balcerzak: Piotr Balcerzak (born 25 June 1975 in Warsaw) is a former Polish sprint athlete.[1] He achieved the most success with the Polish 4 x 100 meters relay. ; Piotr Balcerzak: He is married to another Polish sprinter, Joanna Niełacna. ; Piotr Balcerzak: This biographical article relating to Polish athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Mariano Chao  Mariano Rodolfo Chao (born February 7, 1972) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Argentina, who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born in San Fernando, Buenos Aires. He is also known as Tomas Chao´s uncle, a very important influencer. [sep] Knowledge2: Chao (surname): In Sino-Korean pronunciation, those characters are both read Jo, but are not used as surnames in modern Korea (the Korean surname Jo is written with different characters).[2] In Sino-Vietnamese pronunciation, it is read Triều; the spelling is distinct from Triệu, the Sino-Vietnamese reading of the surname Zhào (趙/赵).[3][4] ; Chao (surname): It is listed on the Hundred Family Surnames poem. ; Chao (surname): In Sino-Korean pronunciation, this character is read So, but it is not used as a surname in modern Korea (the Korean surname So is written with different characters).[2] In Sino-Vietnamese pronunciation, it is read Sào.[6] ; Manu Chao: After arriving in Madrid, Chao and other bandmates from Mano Negra formed a new group, Radio Bemba Sound System (named for the communication system used in the Sierra Maestra by the Castro-and-Guevara-led rebels in the Cuban Revolution), featuring groups from diverse backgrounds, such as Mexican Tijuana No!, Brazilian Skank, and Argentinian Todos Tus Muertos.[2] The goal was to replicate the sound of street music and bar scenes from a variety of cultures; to that end, Chao and the group spent several years travelling throughout South and Central America, recording new music as they went.[7] The resulting music differed drastically from Mano Negra; the songs were primarily sung in Spanish with far fewer French tracks and the musical style had shifted from punk and alternative styles to the street vibe Chao was aiming for. The songs were collectively released as Clandestino in 1998, under Manu Chao's own name. Though not an instant success, the album gained a steady following in France with hits such as "Bongo Bong" and "Clandestino", and the album eventually earned the Best World Music Album award in 1999's Victoires de la Musique awards. It sold in excess of 5 million copies.[1] ; Manu Chao: Chao's second album with Radio Bemba Sound System, Próxima Estación: Esperanza, was released in 2001. This album, named after one of the Madrid metro station stops (the title translates to Next Station: Hope), features similar sounds to Clandestino but with heavier Caribbean influences than the previous album. The album was an instant hit, leading to a successful tour that resulted in the 2002 live album Radio Bemba Sound System. Two years later, Chao returned to his French roots with the French-only album Sibérie m'était contéee, which included a large book featuring lyrics to the album and illustrations by Jacek Woźniak.[1][2]
Knowledge1: John Edgerton  John Emmett Edgerton (October 2, 1879 – August 4, 1938) was an industrialist who gained prominence as the president of the National Association of Manufacturers from 1921 to 1931. Edgerton was also an All-Southern college football fullback for the Vanderbilt Commodores of Vanderbilt University. [sep] Knowledge2: John Edgerton: John Emmett Edgerton (October 2, 1879 – August 4, 1938) was an industrialist who gained prominence as the president of the National Association of Manufacturers from 1921 to 1931.[1] Edgerton was also an All-Southern college football fullback for the Vanderbilt Commodores of Vanderbilt University. ; John Edgerton: Edgerton was born on October 2, 1879, in Johnston County, North Carolina, to Gabriel Griffin Edgerton and his wife Harriet Copeland[2] but moved to Lebanon, Tennessee, to join his older brother, Howard K. Edgerton, a physician, in 1896. He attended Cumberland University for prep school and his first year of college. After receiving the Wilson County Cartmell scholarship, he went to Vanderbilt University, earning an A.B. in 1902 and an M.A in 1903.[1][2] ; John Edgerton: He played at Cumberland as a guard in 1896.[3] ; John Edgerton: Edgerton was a prominent member of the Vanderbilt football team. Edgerton was captain of the 1901 team. W. A. Reynolds in the Atlanta Constitution selected Edgerton for his All-Southern team in 1902,[4] and he was selected a second team fullback on an All-Time Vandy Team published in 1912, behind Owsley Manier.[5] Edgerton was called by one contemporary writer "one of the best backs yet produced in Dixie."[6] ; John Edgerton: Edgerton was also a member of the track team.[2]
Knowledge1:  Born James Lawrence Irvin and raised in west London. [sep] Knowledge2: Jim Cramer: On Hardball with Chris Matthews on September 19, 2008, Cramer blamed the Federal Reserve for the United States housing bubble.[92]
Knowledge1: James Brown (footballer, born 1987)  James Peter Brown (born 3 January 1987) is a retired English footballer who played as a winger.  Brown started out as a striker for Football League side Hartlepool United but started playing on the wing during the club's promotion season in 2006–07. Brown also spent two seasons in the National League for Gateshead. Brown's career was ravaged by injuries and he retired from professional football aged 27, following this he played part-time for Northern Premier League side Whitby Town for two seasons. [sep] Knowledge2: James Brown (disambiguation): James, Jim, or Jimmy Brown may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Andrea di Alessandro was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period. He was born in Brescia and active there and in Venice during the latter half of the 16th century. He was a pupil of Alessandro Vittoria, and his masterpiece is the bronze candelabra for the church of Santa Maria della Salute in Venice. Andrea di Alessandro  Andrea di Alessandro was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period. He was born in Brescia and active there and in Venice during the latter half of the 16th century. He was a pupil of Alessandro Vittoria, and his masterpiece is the bronze candelabra for the church of Santa Maria della Salute in Venice. [sep] Knowledge2: Andrea di Alessandro: Andrea di Alessandro was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period. He was born in Brescia and was active there and in Venice during the latter half of the 16th century. He was a pupil of Alessandro Vittoria, and his masterpiece is the bronze candelabra for the church of Santa Maria della Salute in Venice, Italy. ; Andrea di Alessandro: This article about an Italian sculptor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Alessandro Diamanti: Guangzhou Evergrande[69]
Knowledge1: Gregorio Selser (July 2, 1922 — August 27, 1991) was an Argentine journalist and historian. He published an extensive bibliography critical of globalization, imperialism, and covert operations implemented by the CIA in Latin America, in particular. Selser was born in Buenos Aires. He earned a degree in journalism at the University of Buenos Aires, and in 1955, was hired by the Uruguayan weekly journal, Marcha, as its chief Argentine correspondent. That year, he published his first book, a biography on Nicaraguan nationalist Augusto Sandino. He returned to Buenos Aires in 1956, and joined the editorial board of La Prensa. Selser joined the IPS news agency in 1964. He and his family left Argentina following the March 1976 coup, and was hired as researcher by the Latin American Institute of Latin  Gregorio Selser  Gregorio Selser (July 2, 1922 — August 27, 1991) was an Argentine journalist and historian. He published an extensive bibliography critical of globalization, imperialism, and covert operations implemented by the CIA in Latin America, in particular.  Selser was born in Buenos Aires. He earned a degree in journalism at the University of Buenos Aires, and in 1955, was hired by the Uruguayan weekly journal, "Marcha", as its chief Argentine correspondent. That year, he published his first book, a biography on Nicaraguan nationalist Augusto Sandino. He returned to Buenos Aires in 1956, and joined the editorial board of "La Prensa". Selser joined the IPS news agency in 1964.  He and his family left Argentina following the March 1976 coup, and was hired as researcher by the Latin American Institute of Latin American Studies (ILET). His three daughters, Irene, Gabriela and Claudia Selser, each became journalists in their own right.  Selser was recognized by critics as "a Latin Americanist committed to freedom and justice." His books covered a wide array of contentious Latin American issues and events, including the 1903 Separation of Panama from Colombia, the installation of the Somoza dynasty in Nicaragua, the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état, the Alliance for Progress, the 1964 overthrow of Dominican Republic President Juan Bosch and the subsequent U.S. occupation, the 1973 coup in Chile, psy-ops carried out in Latin America, the 1980 Cocaine Coup in Bolivia, the Salvadoran Civil War, the 1989 Operation Just Cause, and other topics.  Selser would be afflicted with a terminal illness, and he committed suicide in Mexico City in 1991. [sep] Knowledge2: Gregorio Selser: Gregorio Selser (July 2, 1922 — August 27, 1991) was an Argentine journalist and historian. He published an extensive bibliography critical of globalization, imperialism, and covert operations implemented by the CIA in Latin America, in particular.; Gregorio Selser: Selser was born in Buenos Aires. He earned a degree in journalism at the University of Buenos Aires, and in 1955, was hired by the Uruguayan weekly journal, Marcha, as its chief Argentine correspondent. That year, he published his first book, a biography on Nicaraguan nationalist Augusto Sandino. He returned to Buenos Aires in 1956, and joined the editorial board of La Prensa. Selser joined the IPS news agency in 1964.; Gregorio Selser: He and his family left Argentina following the March 1976 coup, and was hired as researcher by the Latin American Institute of Latin American Studies (ILET). His three daughters, Irene, Gabriela and Claudia Selser, each became journalists in their own right.; Gregorio Selser: Selser was recognized by critics as "a Latin Americanist committed to freedom and justice." His books covered a wide array of contentious Latin American issues and events, including the 1903 Separation of Panama from Colombia, the installation of the Somoza dynasty in Nicaragua, the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état, the Alliance for Progress, the 1964 overthrow of Dominican Republic President Juan Bosch and the subsequent U.S. occupation, the 1973 coup in Chile, psy-ops carried out in Latin America, the 1980 Cocaine Coup in Bolivia, the Salvadoran Civil War, the 1989 Operation Just Cause, and other topics.; Gregorio Selser: Selser would be afflicted with a terminal illness, and he committed suicide in Mexico City in 1991.
Knowledge1: Anne Brusletto  Anne Brusletto (born 24 January 1951) is a Norwegian alpine skier. She was born in Geilo. She participated at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo, where she competed in slalom and giant slalom.  She became Norwegian champion in giant slalom in 1970. [sep] Knowledge2: Anne Brusletto: Anne Brusletto (Oslo, 24 gennaio 1951) è un'ex sciatrice alpina norvegese.
Knowledge1: Arthur Campbell Thomson (2 September 1948 – 7 March 2002) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a central defender in the Football League. He was born in Edinburgh. [sep] Knowledge2: Arthur Thomson: Arthur Thomson may refer to:
Knowledge1:  He was born in Svilajnac, in Resava, on 26 July 1865 (Old Style) to Teodor and Jelena Savčić. His father was a well-to-do merchant. In his hometown, he finished both elementary school and high school, and in Belgrade, in 1885 he graduated with a B.Sc. from Grandes écoles. For his post-graduate studies, he went to Germany and enrolled at the Technical University of Munich. In 1889 he graduated from the master's program in Civil Engineering. His professor was Carl von Linde. [sep] Knowledge2: Miloš Žeravica: Zrinjski Mostar[2]
Knowledge1: Giovanni Speranza (c. 1470 – 1540s) was an Italian painter. He was born and was active in Vicenza, where he was a follower of Benedetto Montagna. His exact birth and death years are not confirmed with one claiming he was born in 1480 and died in 1546. He is mentioned briefly by Giorgio Vasari, in his entry on Jacopo Sansovino. He later claims both Montagna and Speranza were pupils of Andrea Mantegna. It is unclear if he is related to the Baroque painter Giovanni Battista Speranza.  Giovanni Speranza (born 6 March 1982 in Giessen) is a German-Italian footballer. Giovanni Speranza  Giovanni Speranza (born 6 March 1982 in Giessen) is a German-Italian footballer. [sep] Knowledge2: Giovanni Speranza: Giovanni Speranza (born 6 March 1982 in Giessen) is a German-Italian footballer.
Knowledge1: Anton Lui (born July 27, 1985 in Rabaul, East New Britain) is a sprinter from Papua New Guinea. Anton Lui  Anton Lui (born July 27, 1985 in Rabaul, East New Britain) is a sprinter from Papua New Guinea. [sep] Knowledge2: Anton Lui: Anton Lui (born July 27, 1985, in Rabaul, East New Britain) is a sprinter from Papua New Guinea.[1] ; Anton Lui: This biographical article relating to Papua New Guinean athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Anton Lui: Anton Lui (born July 27, 1985, in Rabaul, East New Britain) is a sprinter from Papua New Guinea.[1]; Anton Lui: Oops something went wrong: ; Antonie van Leeuwenhoek: Van Leeuwenhoek's work fully captured the attention of the Royal Society, and he began corresponding regularly with the society regarding his observations. At first he had been reluctant to publicize his findings, regarding himself as a businessman with little scientific, artistic, or writing background, but de Graaf urged him to be more confident in his work.[26] By the time Van Leeuwenhoek died in 1723, he had written some 190 letters to the Royal Society, detailing his findings in a wide variety of fields, centered on his work in microscopy. He only wrote letters in his own colloquial Dutch; he never published a proper scientific paper in Latin. He strongly preferred to work alone, distrusting the sincerity of those who offered their assistance.[27] The letters were translated into Latin or English by Henry Oldenburg, who had learned Dutch for this very purpose.[citation needed] He was also the first to use the word animalcules to translate the Dutch words that Leeuwenhoek used to describe microorganisms.[9] Despite the initial success of Van Leeuwenhoek's relationship with the Royal Society, soon relations became severely strained. His credibility was questioned when he sent the Royal Society a copy of his first observations of microscopic single-celled organisms dated 9 October 1676.[28] Previously, the existence of single-celled organisms was entirely unknown. Thus, even with his established reputation with the Royal Society as a reliable observer, his observations of microscopic life were initially met with some skepticism.[29]
Knowledge1:  Paul Walker (born 18 April 1992) is an English-born Wales international footballer who is currently plays for AFC Sudbury after playing a spell at Haverhill Borough and Kettering after being released by Northampton Town. He plays as a goalkeeper.  He has played for the Wales national under-17 football team, having been capped twice and has been called up to the Under 19 national team. Paul Walker  Paul William Walker IV (September 12, 1973 – November 30, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Brian O'Conner in the "Fast & Furious" franchise.  Walker began his career as a child actor in the 1980s, gaining recognition in the 1990s after appearing in the television soap opera "The Young and the Restless"; he received praise for his performances in the teen comedy "She's All That" and the comedy-drama "Varsity Blues" (both 1999), and saw international fame by starring in "The Fast and the Furious" (2001).  Walker also starred in the commercially successful road thriller "Joy Ride" (2001), becoming an action star. He followed this with the box-office disappointments "Into the Blue" (2005) and "Running Scared" (2006), although he earned praise for his performance in the survival drama "Eight Below", and for his portrayal of Hank Hansen in "Flags of Our Fathers" (both 2006). Outside of these, Walker largely appeared in low budget action films, but starred in the commercially successful heist film "Takers" (2010).  Walker died of injuries sustained from a single-vehicle collision on November 30, 2013, while speeding. His father and daughter filed separate wrongful death lawsuits against Porsche, which resulted in settlements. At the time of his death, Walker had not completed filming "Furious 7" (2015); it was released after rewrites and stand-ins, including his brothers Cody and Caleb, both of whom filled in for Walker, while the song "See You Again" by Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth was commissioned as a tribute. [sep] Knowledge2: Paul Walker: Paul William Walker IV (September 12, 1973 – November 30, 2013)[4]was an American actor, philanthropist and stuntman. He is best known for portraying Brian O'Conner in The Fast and the Furious film series. The first movie that he acted in was Monster in the Closet where he portrayed "Professor" Bennett. Before he died, he appeared on the National Geographic Channel series Expedition Great White. ; Paul Walker: Walker died in a car accident on November 30, 2013 at the age of 40.[5]; Paul Walker: On the afternoon of November 30, 2013, it was reported that Walker was the passenger in a friend's car when the driver lost control and crashed into a tree. The car exploded and burst into flames, killing both Walker and the driver.[4][15]; Paul Walker:   Media related to Paul Walker at Wikimedia Commons
Knowledge1: Kristian McGrady Outinen (born January 23, 1983) is a Danish swimmer. He is a current member of the Danish national swimming team. Outinen is a Danish national record holder in both the 100 meter individual medley (IM) and the 50 meter breaststroke. He currently swims for the Vestegnens Aqua Team (VAT) based out of Copenhagen. Outinen attended the University of Kentucky receiving his degree in liberal arts specializing in classical guitar. He completed his degree in three and a half years. Outinen was named to the Deans list in 2005 having a GPA of 4.0 for the semester. Outinen was an integral part of the University of Kentucky varsity swim team. His versatility was widely recognized and cherished by the coaches. He was especially close  Kristian Outinen  Kristian McGrady Outinen (born January 23, 1983) is a Danish swimmer. He is a current member of the Danish national swimming team. Outinen is a Danish national record holder in both the 100 meter individual medley (IM) and the 50 meter breaststroke. He currently swims for the Vestegnens Aqua Team (VAT) based out of Copenhagen.  Outinen attended the University of Kentucky receiving his degree in liberal arts specializing in classical guitar. He completed his degree in three and a half years. Outinen was named to the Deans list in 2005 having a GPA of 4.0 for the semester. Outinen was an integral part of the University of Kentucky varsity swim team. His versatility was widely recognized and cherished by the coaches. He was especially close with the weight training staff. Kristian still holds top ten times in five events for the Wildcats.  The yard based training provided a perfect background for Outinen's return to Europe's 25 meter based events. After returning from the United States, Outinen resumed swimming and quickly excelled on the national scene. In October 2008 he broke his first Danish national record in the 50 meter breaststroke in Kolding, Denmark. He then proceeded to also break the 100 meter IM national record at the same meet. In December 2008 Outinen broke his own record in the 50 meter breaststroke at the European Short Course Championships in Rijeka, Croatia.  Outinen later joined a Danish progressive metal band, BOIL. BOIL released aXiom, a critically acclaimed album, on February 19, 2013. [sep] Knowledge2: Tango: These are danced to several types of music:
Knowledge1: Matthijs, Matthias or Matheus van Dulcken (died 1634 in Winterswijk) was mayor of Roermond in 1610, 1616 and 1629. In 1627 he was the Spanish governor of Grol (Groenlo), and Licensor of Upper Guelders. He commanded Groenlo during the 1627 siege by Frederick Henry and, though wounded by a musket ball, he survived the battle and on 19 August that year signed the agreement that handed the town over to States troops. After his final year as mayor in 1629 he served for a period as schepen. He married Helwich van Wessum and they had one son, Christophorus, in 1593. [sep] Knowledge2: Twistzz: In April, Twistzz's Liquid ESL Pro League Season 7 final. Liquid continued to place 2nd against Astralis at the ECS Season 5 Finals and ELEAGUE Season Premier 2018.
Knowledge1: Sebastian Hofmann  Sebastian Hofmann (born 12 September 1983) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward who plays for GSV Maichingen. [sep] Knowledge2: Sebastian Hofmann: Sebastian Hofmann (born 12 September 1983) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward[1] who plays for GSV Maichingen. ; Sebastian Hofmann: Hofmann was born in Sinsheim. He made his debut at TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in 2003 in the Regionalliga Süd.
Knowledge1:  driver born here ; Vasil Radoslavov (1854–1929), Bulgarian Prime Minister ; José Rizal (1861–1896), national hero of the Philippines ; Khalid Robinson (born 1998), American singer ; Christiane Schmidtmer (1939–2003), Hollywood actress and model ; Bernd Schmitt (born 1957), marketing professor at Columbia University ; Klaus Schütz (1926–2012), politician (SPD) ; Elisabeth Seitz (born 1993), Olympic gymnast ; Silvia Renate Sommerlath (born 1943), Queen of Sweden ; Albert Speer (1905–1981), German architect and Third Reich minister ; Ferdinand Thomas (1913–1944), resistance fighter ; Ashley Wagner (born 1991), American figure skater ; Karl Philipp von Wrede (1767–1838), Bavarian field marshal ; Jon Osterman (1929–2019), fictional character from the book Watchmen and its HBO sequel series [sep] Knowledge2: Emil Marschalk von Ostheim: Emil Freiherr Marschalk von Ostheim (* 16. April 1841 in Wien; † 7. Juli 1903 in Bamberg) war ein deutscher Sammler von historischen, kulturhistorischen, genealogischen und heraldischen Büchern sowie von Archivalien. ; Emil Marschalk von Ostheim: Er war der Letzte des alten fränkischen Adelsgeschlechts der Marschalk von Ostheim, einst Ministeriale (Marschälle) der Grafen von Henneberg, mit Stammburg in Ostheim vor der Rhön, im Jahr 1260 erstmals urkundlich erwähnt. Sein gleichnamiger Vater, der königlich bayerische Kämmerer Emil Freiherr Marschalk von Ostheim, Gutsherr auf Trabelsdorf (heute Ortsteil von Lisberg, Landkreis Bamberg), war am 5. Mai 1856 im Königreich Bayern bei der Freiherrnklasse immatrikuliert (eingetragen) worden.[1] ; Emil Marschalk von Ostheim: Bestattet wurde er in der Familiengruft im Bamberger Friedhof zweite Abteilung. ; Emil Marschalk von Ostheim: Nach seinem Tod übernahm die Königliche Bibliothek Bamberg (die heutige Staatsbibliothek Bamberg) seine umfangreiche Bibliothek und die damit verbundenen Sammlungen, stellte sie gesondert auf und veröffentlichte einen gedruckten Katalog.[2] Schon zu seinen Lebzeiten hatte Marschalk von Ostheim wiederholt der Bamberger Bibliothek umfangreiche Schenkungen gemacht, die im allgemeinen Bestand aufgegangen sind. Marschalks Bibliothek umfasst vor allem die Geschichte des 19. Jahrhunderts. Die Werke zur Revolutionsgeschichte beinhalten neben der Französischen Revolution insbesondere Literatur zur deutschen Revolution von 1848/1849. Außerdem enthält seine Bibliothek einen umfangreichen Bestand an Sammelbänden mit Personal- und Gelegenheitsschriften sowie genealogische und heraldische Literatur, wobei die Schwerpunkte im fränkisch-thüringischen Raum liegen, außerdem Reisebeschreibungen und topografische Werke. Einzelne Bestandteile reichen teilweise in frühere Jahrhunderte zurück. Sprachlich dominant sind Deutsch und Französisch. In den Grafischen Sammlungen der Bibliothek befinden sich Karikaturen und Einblattdrucke zu Zeitereignissen. ; Emil Marschalk von Ostheim: Im Staatsarchiv Bamberg befindet sich nicht nur sein persönlicher Nachlass, sondern auch der der Gesamtfamilie Marschalk von Ostheim.
Knowledge1: Esau Tjiuoro (born 26 May 1982 in Okakarara, Otjozondjupa Region) is a Namibian football (soccer) goalkeeper with F.C. Civics Windhoek and the Namibia national football team. Esau Tjiuoro  Esau Tjiuoro (born 26 May 1982 in Okakarara, Otjozondjupa Region) is a Namibian football (soccer) goalkeeper with F.C. Civics Windhoek and the Namibia national football team. [sep] Knowledge2: Esau: When Esau learns of his brother's thievery, he is livid and begs his father to undo the blessing. Isaac responds to his eldest son's plea by saying that he only had one blessing to give and that he could not reverse the sacred blessing. Esau is furious and vows to kill Jacob (Genesis 27:41). Once again Rebekah intervenes to save her younger son from being murdered by his elder twin brother, Esau.
Knowledge1:  Gerard Thomas (1663–1721) was a late Flemish Baroque painter who specialized in studio and picture gallery interiors. He became a master in Antwerp's Guild of St. Luke in 1688–89, and was dean twice. Many of his paintings reflect a trend in Antwerp painting around 1700 that shows artists—often historical masters from earlier in the century like Peter Paul Rubens, Anthony van Dyck or Jacob Jordaens—in their studios, surrounded by paintings and sculptures, and teaching the craft to a young apprentice. The masters are often only hinted by the works of art pictured in the painting itself, however. [sep] Knowledge2: Thomas Gerard, 1st Baron Gerard: Gerard married twice:[22] ; Gerard Thomas: Gerard Thomas (1663–1721) was a late Flemish Baroque painter who specialized in studio and picture gallery interiors. He became a master in Antwerp's Guild of St. Luke in 1688–89, and was dean twice.[1] Many of his paintings reflect a trend in Antwerp painting around 1700 that shows artists—often historical masters from earlier in the century like Peter Paul Rubens, Anthony van Dyck or Jacob Jordaens—in their studios, surrounded by paintings and sculptures, and teaching the craft to a young apprentice.[1] The masters are often only hinted by the works of art pictured in the painting itself, however.[1]
Knowledge1:  Sánchez was born in Altamira, a port city on the Gulf of Mexico, to José Refugio Sánchez and Felipa Saldaña Cabello. He began writing verses in his early years and later learned how to play the guitar. In 1937, at age 15, he wrote his first hit song, "Mi chata", which was recorded by the duet Las Serranitas. In the same year he began singing on the XEW radio station, where he eventually had his own program. Because of his young age and overnight success as a songwriter, he came to be known as El Benjamín de los Compositores (literally "The Benjamin of Songwriters", or "The Youngest of Songwriters"). "Mr. Emilio Azcárraga Vidaurreta [the owner of [sep] Knowledge2:  Ricardo Sanchez : L. Paul Bremer was the leader of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq. There was almost a complete failure to communicate between Bremer, the top civilian, and Sanchez, the military leader. According to journalist Thomas Ricks: "It was very clear they hated each other. They lived in the same palace and didn't talk to each other." This disunity in leadership has been cited as one of the major failures of the first year of the Iraq War.[2]
Knowledge1: Trichinella spiralis  Trichinella spiralis is a viviparous nematode parasite, occurring in rodents, pigs, bears, hyenas and humans, and is responsible for the disease trichinosis. It is sometimes referred to as the "pork worm" due to it being typically encountered in undercooked pork products. It should not be confused with the distantly related pork tapeworm. [sep] Knowledge2: Bruno Nöckler: Bruno Nöckler (født 6. oktober 1956 i Prettau, død 17. august 1982 i Ruapehu) var en italiensk alpinist som deltok under Vinter-OL 1980 i Lake Placid, der han ble nummer 6 i storslalåm. I verdenscupen oppnådde han to pallplasser, tredjeplass i slalåm 27. februar 1977 i Furano i Japan og i storslalåm 11. februar 1981 på Voss.[1]
Knowledge1: Gloria Porras Valles (born 16 April 1960) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. In 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California Sur. Gloria Porras Valles  Gloria Porras Valles (born 16 April 1960) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. In 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California Sur. [sep] Knowledge2: Gloria Porras Valles: Gloria Porras Valles (born 16 April 1960) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. In 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California Sur.[1]; Gloria Porras Valles: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  Born in Hamburg, the son of a police constable, Schmidt moved in 1928, after the death of his father (1883–1928), with his mother (1894–1973), to her hometown of Lauban (in Lusatia, then Lower Silesia, now Poland) and attended secondary school in Görlitz as well as a trade school there. After finishing school, he was unemployed for some months and then, in 1934, began a commercial apprenticeship at a textile company in Greiffenberg. After finishing his apprenticeship he was hired by the same company as a stock accountant. Around this time, at his company, he met his future wife, Alice Murawski. The couple married on 21 August 1937; they had no children. At [sep] Knowledge2:  Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt : World War II ;  Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt : Klaus-Degenhard Schmidt (3 January 1918 in Kiel – 22 December 1944 in Südhoofden, north of Dunkirk) was a German Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German language: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Knowledge1: Robert B. Scarborough  Robert Bethea Scarborough (October 29, 1861November 23, 1927) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina.  Born in Chesterfield, South Carolina, about a year after the state had declared its secession to join the Confederate States, Scarborough attended the common schools and Mullins (South Carolina) Academy. He taught school and studied law. Scarborough was admitted to the bar in 1884 and commenced practice in Conway, South Carolina. He was a county attorney of Horry County 1885-1893 and served as clerk of the county board 1885-1890. He served as member of the South Carolina State senate in 1897 and 1898 and was elected president pro tempore in 1898. He served as the 63rd Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina in 1899.  Scarborough was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1905). He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1904 to the Fifty-ninth Congress. He resumed the practice of law in Conway, South Carolina, and was also interested in banking. He served as chairman of the board of regents of the South Carolina State Hospital.  He died in Conway, South Carolina, on November 23, 1927 and was interred in Lake Side Cemetery. [sep] Knowledge2: Scarborough, Ontario: Seven rail stations also provide access to two commuter rail lines operated by GO Transit. The Lakeshore East line runs across the south end of the district with Rouge Hill GO Station, Guildwood GO Station, Eglinton GO Station, and Scarborough GO Station running from east to west. The Stouffville line runs north-south in the west end of Scarborough with Milliken GO Station, Agincourt GO Station, Kennedy GO Station. An eight station on the Stouffville line will be constructed between Milliken and Agincourt stations at Finch–Kennedy GO Station. Other connecting public transportation services with connections to TTC bus routes in Scarborough include Durham Region Transit and York Region Transit.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Dilson Torres  Dilson Darío Torres (born May 31, 1970) is a former Venezuelan pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Kansas City Royals in their 1995 season. Listed at 6' 3", 200 lb., Torres batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Maracay, Aragua. [sep] Knowledge2: Dilson Torres: Dilson Torres was born on 31 May, 1970 in Maracay, Venezuela, is a Venezuelan baseball player. Discover Dilson Torres's Biography, Age, Height, Physical Stats, Dating/Affairs, Family and career updates. Learn How rich is He in this year and how He spends money? Also learn how He earned most of networth at the age of 53 years old?; Dilson Torres:  We recommend you to check the complete list of Famous People born on 31 May. He is a member of famous Player with the age 53 years old group. ; Dilson Torres:  At 53 years old, Dilson Torres height not available right now. We will update Dilson Torres's Height, weight, Body Measurements, Eye Color, Hair Color, Shoe & Dress size soon as possible. ; Dilson Torres: He is currently single. He is not dating anyone. We don't have much information about He's past relationship and any previous engaged. According to our Database, He has no children.; Dilson Torres: His net worth has been growing significantly in 2022-2023. So, how much is Dilson Torres worth at the age of 53 years old? Dilson Torres’s income source is mostly from being a successful Player. He is from Venezuela. We have estimated Dilson Torres's net worth , money, salary, income, and assets.
Knowledge1:  Strauss was born in Lockhart, Texas, south of Austin. He was the son of Edith Violet (née Schwarz) and Charles H. Strauss. His parents were Jewish immigrants from Germany. When he was one year old, his family moved to the small town of Hamlin, north of Abilene, and later to the slightly larger nearby town of Stamford. Strauss's father opened a small general store in Stamford. In his sophomore year at the University of Texas at Austin, he campaigned for a state assembly candidate and was given a part-time job as a Committee Clerk in the Texas State Legislature. In 1937, while still an undergraduate, he volunteered for Johnson's first congressional campaign. Strauss was also a member of [sep] Knowledge2: Richard Strauss: He also composed two large-scale works for wind ensemble during this period: Sonatina No. 1 "From an Invalid's Workshop" (1943) and Sonatina No. 2 "Happy Workshop" (1946)—both scored for double wind quintet plus two additional horns, a third clarinet in C, bassett horn, bass clarinet, and contrabassoon.
Knowledge1: Robert Zawada  Robert Paweł Zawada (born 7 June 1944 in Jedlnia-Letnisko, Radom County) is a former Polish handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.  In 1972 he was part of the Polish team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored three goals. [sep] Knowledge2: Robert Zawada: Robert Paweł Zawada (born 7 June 1944 in Jedlnia-Letnisko, Radom County) is a former Polish handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics. ; Robert Zawada: In 1972 he was part of the Polish team which finished tenth in the Olympic tournament. He played two matches and scored three goals.
Knowledge1:  the operations staff of the 388th Tactical Fighter Wing at Korat Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, and later became an RF-4C flight commander with the 12th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron at Tan Son Nhut Air Base, South Vietnam. Shaud returned to the United States and attended Ohio State University, where he received his doctorate in June 1971. He then was assigned to Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama, and served on the faculty of the Air Command and Staff College until entering the National War College in August 1973. After graduating in June 1974, the general was assigned to the 449th Bombardment Wing, Kincheloe Air Force Base, Michigan, as deputy commander for [sep] Knowledge2: Gianni Lonzi: As a head coach, Lonzi led Italy men's national team to win an Olympic silver medal in 1976, becoming one of a few sportspeople who won Olympic medals in water polo as players and head coaches.[1]
Knowledge1: Gianni Lonzi (born August 4, 1938) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Florence. In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played five matches. Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches. At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches. As a head coach, Lonzi led Italy men's national team to win an Olympic silver medal in 1976, becoming one of a few sportspeople who won Olympic medals in water polo as players and head coaches. He is married from 1968 with the Italian fencer Olympic Champion Antonella Ragno. Gianni Lonzi  Gianni Lonzi (born August 4, 1938) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.  He was born in Florence.  In 1960 he was a member of the Italian water polo team which won the gold medal. He played five matches.  Four years later he finished fourth with the Italian team in the water polo competition at the Tokyo Games. He played six matches.  At the 1968 Games he was part of the Italian team which finished again fourth in the Olympic water polo tournament. He played all nine matches.  As a head coach, Lonzi led Italy men's national team to win an Olympic silver medal in 1976, becoming one of a few sportspeople who won Olympic medals in water polo as players and head coaches.  He is married from 1968 with the Italian fencer Olympic Champion Antonella Ragno. [sep] Knowledge2: Fyodorov: Fyodorov or Fedorov (Russian: Фёдоров, masculine) and Fyodorova or Fedorova (Фёдорова, feminine) is a common East Slavic last name that is derived from the given name Fyodor and literally means Fyodor's. It is transliterated in Polish as Fiodorow (masculine) and Fiodorowa (feminine), in Belarusian as Fiodaraŭ, and in Estonian Fjodorov. In Ukrainian it is always spelled as "Fedorov" (Федоров), because the Ukrainian alphabet does not have "ё". Another Ukrainian variant is Fedoriv.
Knowledge1:  Maksim Andreyevich Fyodorov (Максим Андреевич Фёдоров; born 5 April 1989) is a Russian former professional footballer.  He spent the first five seasons of his senior career in the FC Dynamo Kyiv system, but did not make any appearances for the first squad. He played 3 seasons in the Russian Football National League for 4 different teams. Maksim Fyodorov (footballer, born 1989)  Maksim Andreyevich Fyodorov (; born 5 April 1989) is a Russian former professional footballer. [sep] Knowledge2: Alexander Cameron Rutherford: During the 1898 territorial election, Rutherford again challenged the now-incumbent McCauley.[12] His defeat of two years previous still fresh in his mind, his platform this time included a call for a redrawing of the territory's electoral boundaries. He believed that the current Edmonton riding was gerrymandered in McCauley's favour.[16] He also repeated his past calls for improved roads and advocated increased taxation on the railroads.[16] He pledged "independent support" for the nonpartisan administration of Premier Frederick Haultain,[12] and he supported that administration's call for the creation of a single province from the territories following the 1901 census.[16] Rutherford criticized McCauley's past record, accusing him of silence on issues that were of concern to his constituents.[16] Despite this, McCauley won again but by a reduced margin.[16]
Knowledge1: Scott McCuaig (born June 5, 1984 in Surrey, British Columbia) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a free agent. He most recently played for the BC Lions. He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League in the third round of the 2009 CFL Draft. He played CIS football for the UBC Thunderbirds. McCuaig was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on May 28, 2009, following the 2009 CFL Draft. He was placed on the practice roster on June 29, 2009, at the conclusion of the pre-season. On August 19, 2009, unhappy with being placed on the practice roster and seeing an opportunity to return to British Columbia, he requested a release from the Tiger-Cats and signed with the BC Lions on August 28, 2009. Scott McCuaig  Scott McCuaig (born June 5, 1984 in Surrey, British Columbia) is a retired professional Canadian football defensive lineman. He most recently played for the BC Lions. He was drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League in the third round of the 2009 CFL Draft. He played CIS football for the UBC Thunderbirds, as a standout defensive lineman, sharing the single season record for QB sacks (11), named Canada West’s MOP, and in 2021 was named to UBC’s “All-Decade Team”  McCuaig was signed by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats on May 28, 2009, following the 2009 CFL Draft. He was placed on the practice roster on June 29, 2009, at the conclusion of the pre-season. On August 19, 2009, unhappy with being placed on the practice roster and seeing an opportunity to return to British Columbia, he requested a release from the Tiger-Cats and signed with the BC Lions on August 28, 2009. Following his football career he became a firefighter in BC’s Lower Mainland. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Louis-Arsene Lavallee.jpg: العربية ∙ বাংলা ∙ čeština ∙ Deutsch ∙ English ∙ español ∙ suomi ∙ français ∙ italiano ∙ 日本語 ∙ 한국어 ∙ македонски ∙ മലയാളം ∙ Nederlands ∙ português ∙ português do Brasil ∙ sicilianu ∙ slovenščina ∙ 简体中文 ∙ 繁體中文 ∙ +/−
Knowledge1: Louis-Arsène Lavallée (2 February 1861 at Berthier-en-Haut, Province of Canada &ndash; 19 November 1936 at Montreal) was a Mayor of Montreal, Canada. His education was first at the Collège de Joliette, then at Université Laval's Montreal campus for law studies (which is today the Université de Montréal). He was formally installed as a lawyer in 1884. Lavallée worked with Hormidas Laporte to create the Alliance Nationale insurance company in 1892. After an unsuccessful campaign at the St. James riding in the 1896 federal election, Lavallée became a Montreal local councillor, since 1900 for the Saint-Jacques ward then in 1904 at La Fontaine ward. In 1912, he was elected Mayor of Montreal and served that role until the 1914 election. During his local political career, Lavallée promoted consolidation and amalgamation of municipalities towards a larger Montreal government and saw annexation of municipalities such as Côte-des-Neiges during that time. [sep] Knowledge2: Roman Catholic Diocese of Nice: On 19 January 1183, Pope Lucius III wrote to Bishop Petrus, complaining about the degraded state of spiritual life in the monastery of S. Pons in Nice, and authorizing the bishop to take measures to repair the situation. Despite an agreement between the bishop and the monks in 1184, the latter remained unrepentant, and were excommunicated. They complained to Pope Lucius, who sent another letter on 31 March 1185, rebuking them and supporting the bishop.[18]
Knowledge1: Clemente Isnard  Clemente José Carlos de Gouvea Isnard, O.S.B. (July 8, 1917 – August 24, 2011) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.  Isnard was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in 1917 and was ordained a priest on December 19, 1942 of the Order of Saint Benedict. He was appointed Bishop of the Diocese of Nova Friburgo on April 23, 1960 and was ordained bishop July 25, 1960. Isnard remained at the diocese for over 30 years, retiring July 17, 1992. [sep] Knowledge2: Dale Polley: He was signed by the Atlanta Braves as an amateur free agent in 1987. He played only in 1996 with the Yankees. Polley had a 1-3 record in 32 games, with a 7.89 ERA. Polley attended Kentucky State University.
Knowledge1: Dale Polley  Ezra Dale Polley (born August 9, 1965) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the New York Yankees. He bats right-handed and throws left-handed.  He was signed by the Atlanta Braves as an amateur free agent in 1987. He played only in with the Yankees. Polley had a 1-3 record in 32 games, with a 7.89 ERA. Polley attended Kentucky State University. [sep] Knowledge2: 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica/Minor, Robert Crannell: See also Robert Crannell Minor on Wikipedia; and our 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica disclaimer.
Knowledge1:  during the last decade of his life. Despite later speculation, it did not materially impact the quantity of his output, and the suggestion that it impacted the quality of his work is a misreading of the increasing abstraction in certain of his later Tonalist paintings. He died at his home in Waterford, Connecticut, on August 4, 1904. His paintings are owned by the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Yale University Art Gallery, the Mead Art Museum, the Lyman Allyn Museum, the Florence Griswold Museum, the Brooklyn Museum, the Newark Museum, the Robert Hull Fleming Museum, the Haggin Museum, the Salmagundi Club, the Memorial Art Gallery, and the University of Arizona Museum of Art.  of Antwerp. On his return to the United States in 1874, he opened a studio in New York. He painted for many years out of his studio in the Old University Building of New York University. Painting in the Adirondack Mountains and later in Waterford, Connecticut, Minor soon became known for his landscapes resembling the Barbizon School. Under the influence of George Inness and Alexander Helwig Wyant, he also began to paint in a Tonalist style. His painting Great Silas at Night (1897) displays his adoption of the Tonalist style while his lingering Barbizon style can be seen in A Hillside Pasture. From the 1890s until his death, Minor exhibited frequently with the Tonalists  Robert Crannell Minor  Robert Crannell Minor (1839–1904), American artist, was born in New York City on April 30, 1839. His father, Israel Minor, was a merchant who made a large fortune in the pharmaceutical business. As a young man, Robert Minor worked as a bookkeeper in New York City but decided to study art in his early thirties. After studying in New York with painter Alfred Cornelius Howland, Minor went abroad in 1871 to continue his artistic education. He visited various galleries in England before traveling to Barbizon, France, where he studied under Diaz. He later studied in Antwerp under Joseph Van Luppen and Hippolyte Boulenger. In 1874, he was vice president of the Société artistique et littéraire of Antwerp.  On his return to the United States in 1874, he opened a studio in New York. He painted for many years out of his studio in the Old University Building of New York University. Painting in the Adirondack Mountains and later in Waterford, Connecticut, Minor soon became known for his landscapes resembling the Barbizon School. Under the influence of George Inness and Alexander Helwig Wyant, he also began to paint in a Tonalist style. His painting "Great Silas at Night" (1897) displays his adoption of the Tonalist style while his lingering Barbizon style can be seen in "A Hillside Pasture". From the 1890s until his death, Minor exhibited frequently with the Tonalists in New York. In 1897, he was elected a member of the National Academy of Design, New York. In 1900, Minor achieved the height of his success at the historic William T. Evans sale in 1900, where his painting "The Close of Day" (private collection) fetched $3,050, the highest price for a landscape by a living American painter at that auction.  Over the course of his lifetime, Minor was a member of the Society of American Artists and the Salmagundi Club. He exhibited in New York, Brooklyn, Chicago, and elsewhere in the United States, as well as in the Royal Academy of London and the salons of Paris and Antwerp. Minor was plagued with bad health during the last decade of his life. Despite later speculation, it did not materially impact the quantity of his output, and the suggestion that it impacted the quality of his work is a misreading of the increasing abstraction in certain of his later Tonalist paintings. He died at his home in Waterford, Connecticut, on August 4, 1904. His paintings are owned by the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Yale University Art Gallery, the Mead Art Museum, the Lyman Allyn Museum, the Florence Griswold Museum, the Brooklyn Museum, the Newark Museum, the Robert Hull Fleming Museum, the Haggin Museum, the Salmagundi Club, the Memorial Art Gallery, and the University of Arizona Museum of Art. [sep] Knowledge2: Izumi, Osaka: Izumi has a Humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cfa) characterized by warm summers and cool winters with light to no snowfall.  The average annual temperature in Izumi is 14.0 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1475 mm with September as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 25.9 °C, and lowest in January, at around 2.6 °C.[3]
Knowledge1: Izumi Iimura (born 1980), Japanese women's cricketer ; Jo Iimura (飯村 穣), Japanese general ; Rikiya Iimura, Japanese karateka ; Iimura Takahiko (飯村 隆彦), Japanese film director Iimura (written: 飯村) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:  Izumi Iimura  Izumi Iimura (born 2 December 1980) is a former Japanese cricketer who played three Women's One Day International cricket matches for Japan national women's cricket team in 2003. [sep] Knowledge2: Aleksandar Madžar (soccer): This biographical article relating to Montenegrin association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Born in Novi Sad, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia, Lazarevski started playing for RFK Novi Sad. In 2006, he moved to Russia where he played with the B team of FC Lokomotiv Moscow and after half of year he moved to Bulgaria where he played with PFC Slavia Sofia in the PFG A. In 2007, he returned to Serbia and joined SuperLiga side FK Borac Čačak. In the summer of 2009 he signed with another SuperLiga side, OFK Beograd, but after a year was loaned to FK Radnički Sombor in the Serbian First League. Two years later he was released by OFK and he joined the club he had represented at the beginning of his career, RFK Novi Sad. [sep] Knowledge2: Zschopau: Zschopau (German pronunciation: [ˈtʃoːpaʊ]), is a town in the Erzgebirgskreis district of Saxony, Germany.
Knowledge1: Roland Wieser  Roland Wieser (born 6 May 1956, in Zschopau) is an East German racewalker who won the bronze medal in the 20 kilometer walk during the 1980 Summer Olympics with a time of 1:25:59 hours. During his active career he measured 1.86 meters in height and 68 kg in weight.  Wieser's first success came at an early age, when he became the East German 10 kilometer walk Youth Champion in 1971. In 1975 he became the European Junior Champion in the same event. In 1978, Weiser competed in the East German National Championship and won the 50 kilometer walk; in the same year he achieved his first major success when he became the European Champion in the 20 kilometer walk at the elite level with a time of 1:23:11.5 hours. He followed this two years later with his Olympic bronze medal.  After his Olympic triumph Wieser did not win any additional medals in international competition. In 1982 he finished ninth in the European Championships, in 1983 he managed tenth in the World Championships, and in 1987 he retired from competitive walking.  After his retirement Wieser studied to become an auto mechanic, and later became a sports instructor at the Volkspolizei-Präsidium in Berlin. During these years he ran at the club level for SC Dynamo Berlin and trained under Max Weber. [sep] Knowledge2: Dorothy Parker:  These were no giants. Think who was writing in those days—Lardner, Fitzgerald, Faulkner and Hemingway. Those were the real giants. The Round Table was just a lot of people telling jokes and telling each other how good they were. Just a bunch of loudmouths showing off, saving their gags for days, waiting for a chance to spring them ... There was no truth in anything they said. It was the terrible day of the wisecrack, so there didn't have to be any truth ...[58]
Knowledge1:  Parker was born in Youngstown, Ohio, in 1925 or 1926 (sources differ), and was raised in Chicago by the popular vaudeville duo, Butterbeans and Susie (Jodie and Susie Edwards). He led a band at the Cotton Club in Cincinnati in 1948 which included King Kolax as one of his sidemen, and recorded with Kolax in Los Angeles later that year. He then replaced Rubell Blakely as vocalist in Lionel Hampton's ensemble. His time with Hampton included appearances in the films Lionel Hampton and His Orchestra (1949) and Jelly Roll (1952), and on Hampton's recordings from this time on Decca &ndash; including the 1949 R&B chart hit "Drinkin' Wine Spo-Dee-O-Dee" &ndash; and MGM. He also recorded under his own name, for various labels including Aladdin, Spire, Peacock and Brunswick, often using various members of Hampton's orchestra. He toured Europe with Hampton several times between 1953 and 1955. In March 1955, during a concert at Valenciennes, France, Parker had a brain hemorrhage, from which he did not recover. He returned to the United States and died in hospital in New York City in 1957. [sep] Knowledge2: Giovanni Stefano Marucelli: His masterpiece is the Abraham and the angels (1628) in the apse of the Duomo di Pisa. He also painted an Ascencion for the church of the Sacrament in Pistoia; San Carlo Borromeo before a crucifix in the first altar to the right of the church of San Torpe, Pisa; a Coronation of the Virgin in the left chapel of the church of San Nicola, Pisa; St. George and St. Francis in adoration for the church of Santi Quirico e Giulitta  in Lugnano; Madonna del Carmelo with the Bambino and Saints Catherine, Peter & Dominic and a Madonna with child and four saints in the church of the Santissima Annunziata in Uliveto Terme. In 1622, he painted an altarpiece depicting the Ascension of Christ (1622) for the Bronconi family altar in the church of San Leone, Pistoia.
Knowledge1: Giovanni Stefano Marucelli (1586 - c. 1646) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period, active in Tuscany, including Florence and Pisa. His name is also written as Maruscelli, Maruscielli, or Marscelli. Born in Florence, around 1600 he became a pupil of Andrea Boscoli in Pisa. His masterpiece is the Abraham and the angels (1628) in the apse of the Duomo di Pisa. He also painted an Ascencion for the church of the Sacrament in Pistoia; San Carlo Borromeo before a crucifix in the first altar to the right of the church of San Torpe, Pisa; a Coronation of the Virgin in the left chapel of the church of San Nicola, Pisa; St. George and St. Francis in adoration for the church of Santi Quirico e Giulitta in Lugnano; Madonna del Carmelo with the Bambino and Saints Catherine, Peter & Dominic and a Madonna with child and four saints in the church of the Santissima Annunziata in Uliveto Terme. In 1622, he painted an altarpiece depicting the Ascension of Christ (1622) for the Bronconi family altar in the church of San Leone, Pistoia. As an architect, he helped reconstruct the Palazzo dell'Orologio in Pisa. Giovanni Stefano Marucelli  Giovanni Stefano Marucelli (1586 - c. 1646) was an Italian painter and architect of the Baroque period, active in Tuscany, including Florence and Pisa.  His name is also written as Maruscelli, Maruscielli, or Marscelli. Born in Florence, around 1600 he became a pupil of Andrea Boscoli in Pisa.  His masterpiece is the "Abraham and the angels" (1628) in the apse of the Duomo di Pisa. He also painted an "Ascencion" for the church of the Sacrament in Pistoia; "San Carlo Borromeo before a crucifix" in the first altar to the right of the church of San Torpe, Pisa; a "Coronation of the Virgin" in the left chapel of the church of San Nicola, Pisa; "St. George and St. Francis in adoration" for the church of Santi Quirico e Giulitta in Lugnano; "Madonna del Carmelo with the Bambino and Saints Catherine, Peter & Dominic" and a "Madonna with child and four saints" in the church of the Santissima Annunziata in Uliveto Terme. In 1622, he painted an altarpiece depicting the "Ascension of Christ" (1622) for the Bronconi family altar in the church of San Leone, Pistoia.  As an architect, he helped reconstruct the Palazzo dell'Orologio in Pisa. [sep] Knowledge2: Matt Hamilton (curler): After the 2014 Winter Olympics, the United States Curling Association held an athlete combine to determine which curlers to include in their High Performance Program (HPP) aimed at having better success at the next Olympics. Hamilton attended the combine but was not chosen as one of the ten male HPP curlers. John Shuster, three-time Olympian at that point, was also not chosen and, in response, created a new team nicknamed "The Rejects", bringing on Hamilton at second, fellow Olympian and combine reject John Landsteiner at lead, and Tyler George at third, who hadn't attended the combine due to his work.[5] They maintained this line-up for four seasons and found great success. At their first National Championships together in 2015, they defeated Hamilton's former skip Brown in the final to win the gold medal.[6] Representing the United States at the 2015 World Championship in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Team Shuster missed out on the playoffs when they lost a tiebreaker to Finland's Aku Kauste.[7] As a result of its success, Team Shuster was added to the High Performance Program for 2016.[5]
Knowledge1: Matt Hamilton (racing driver)  Matthew Hamilton (born 2 February 1990 in Hemel Hempstead) is a British auto racing driver. He is best known for competing in the British Touring Car Championship. Matt Hamilton  Matt Hamilton or Matthew Hamilton may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2:  Bill Green : Shorts: Chibi Tiny Tales • Random Rings • Miss Tilly's Fun Time TV Minute • Big City Greens: Shortsgiving • Broken Karaoke • Theme Song Takeover Video games: Disney All-Star Racers • Disney All-Star Party
Knowledge1: William Perry Hay (born in Eureka, Illinois on December 8, 1871; died in 1947) was an American zoologist known for work on crayfish and reptiles. He was the son of Oliver Perry Hay. William Perry Hay  William Perry Hay (born in Eureka, Illinois on December 8, 1871; died in 1947) was an American zoologist known for work on crayfish and reptiles. He was the son of Oliver Perry Hay. [sep] Knowledge2: John Edward Robinson: After his Kansas convictions, Robinson faced murder charges in Missouri based on the evidence discovered in that state. Missouri aggressively pursued capital punishment convictions, so Robinson's attorneys wanted to avoid a trial there.[9] Chris Koster, the Missouri prosecutor, insisted as a condition of any plea bargain that Robinson lead authorities to the bodies of Stasi, Godfrey, and Clampitt. Robinson, who has never cooperated with investigators, refused. However, Koster faced pressure to make a deal because his case was not technically airtight⁠. Among other issues, there was no unequivocal evidence that any of the murders had been committed within his jurisdiction. Robinson, on the other hand, faced pressure to plead guilty to avoid an almost certain death sentence in Missouri, and failing that, yet another capital murder trial back in Kansas.[10]
Knowledge1: John Robinson (drummer)  John Frederick Robinson (born December 29, 1954), known professionally as JR, is an American drummer and session musician who has been called "one of the most recorded drummers in history". He is known for his work with producer Quincy Jones, including Michael Jackson's multi-platinum "Off the Wall" album and the charity single "We Are the World".  "Rolling Stone" listed JR in 2016 at number 81 in their list of the top 100 "Greatest Drummers of All Time". He was awarded one Grammy Award for the Rufus/Chaka Khan single "Ain't Nobody", but has played drums on more than 50 Grammy winners.<ref name=DMME/>  JR plays in many different styles. His first fame came with the funk band Rufus, and he recorded dance/funk hits with the Pointer Sisters. In the pop and rock fields, his work stretches from the straight-up rock of John Fogerty, Bonnie Raitt and Peter Frampton, to the mainstream pop of Lady Gaga, Daft Punk, Wilson Phillips and Madonna. JR has backed many contemporary R&B singers including Whitney Houston, Lionel Richie and Anita Baker, as well as vocal pop/soft rock singers such as Barbra Streisand, Seal, Peter Cetera and Rod Stewart. He played on a string of pure country hits by George Strait, Clint Black and Toby Keith. In the 1990s, his film score assignments shifted into high gear, drumming for Hans Zimmer, Christophe Beck and James Newton Howard. And throughout JR's career he has collaborated with jazz artists ranging from Jeff Lorber to David Benoit to Sadao Watanabe. JR said he is "a chameleon kind of drummer".<ref name=DMME/> [sep] Knowledge2: Orvin: The old village church of St. Peter was part of the diocese of Lausanne, while the town was owned by the Bishop of Basel. St. Peter's was eventually demolished and a late-Gothic church was built in another location. That church was demolished in 1722 and replaced by the current Baroque church, which was decorated in 1916 by Paul Robert. The village accepted the Protestant Reformation in 1530. In the 17th century, the population was afflicted by several witch trials.[3]
Knowledge1: He was born at Hattfjelldal in Nordland, Norway. He was a son of Ole Tobias Olsen (1830–1924) and Christine Bernhardine Dahl (1855–1910). His father was a parish pastor in Nordland. Orvin finished his secondary education in 1909 and graduated cand.min. from the Royal Frederick University (now University of Oslo) in mineralogy in 1912. He mostly explored and worked at Spitsbergen, but had tenures in Siberia in 1914. As well as Spitsbergen his expeditions went to East Greenland and Bear Island. He served as operating manager of the molybdenite mines Ornehommen Molybdengruber 1915 to 1916 and at Dalen Gruber in Telemark from 1918 to 1921. He was hired in the Norwegian Polar Institute in 1928. He was acting managing director from 1945 to 1948. He served as sub-director until   Anders Kristian Orvin (24 October 1889 – 2 October 1980) was a Norwegian geologist and explorer.  managing director from 1958 to 1961. He took his dr.philos. degree in 1934 on the thesis Geology of the Kings Bay Region, Spitsbergen. Among his other writings are Geology of Bear Island (1928, with Gunnar Horn) and Outline of the Geological History of Spitsbergen (1940). After the war he wrote The place-names of Jan Mayen (1960). He was a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1952, was made a Knight, First Class of Order of St. Olav in 1960 and a Knight of the Order of the Polar Star. He died during 1980 and was buried in the cemetery at Vestre Aker Church in Oslo. The Orvin Mountains in Queen Maud Land in Antarctica and Orvin Land in Svalbard are named after him. Anders K. Orvin  Anders Kristian Orvin (24 October 1889 – 2 October 1980) was a Norwegian geologist and explorer. [sep] Knowledge2: Florence Harsant: In the 1981 Queen's Birthday Honours, Harsant was awarded the Queen's Service Medal for community service.[2]
Knowledge1: Florence Marie Harsant (née Woodhead, 19 September 1891 &ndash; 19 June 1994) was a New Zealand temperance worker, nurse, community leader and writer. She was born in New Plymouth, New Zealand, on 19 September 1891. In the 1981 Queen's Birthday Honours, Harsant was awarded the Queen's Service Medal for community service. Florence Harsant  Florence Marie Harsant (née Woodhead, 19 September 1891 – 19 June 1994) was a New Zealand temperance worker, nurse, community leader and writer. She was born in New Plymouth, New Zealand, on 19 September 1891.  In the 1981 Queen's Birthday Honours, Harsant was awarded the Queen's Service Medal for community service. [sep] Knowledge2: Diana Estrada: After that she played at the FIVB Women's International Acapulco Tournament, with her sister Paola in 2005 finishing 33rd.
Knowledge1: Diana Estrada  Diana Karina Estrada Santana is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico, who won the gold medal in the women's beach team competition at the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit 2008 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, partnering Martha Revuelta. Later, in September 2008, she competed with her sister Paola Estrada, at the "Internacional de Puerto Vallarta Beach Volleyball Tournament" in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, winning the Bronze medal.  Diana started playing internacional beach volleyball at the age of 17 at the 2003 Swatch-FIVB U-19 World Championships in Pattaya Thailand, partnering with Martha Revuelta and losing the bronze medal match 21-19, 17-21, 15-7 from Frederike Fischer-Sandra Piasecki, from Germany.  After that she played at the "FIVB Women's International Acapulco Tournament", with her sister Paola in 2005 finishing 33rd.  In 2006, she played in the "SWATCH-FIVB U-21 Women's World Championship" in Mysłowice, Poland Finishing in 9th place. She also played with Martha Revuelta in 2005, and with Vanessa Virgen finishing 25th at the "2006 FIVB Women's International Acapulco Tournament".  She also played for the U-20 Mexico indoor women's national volleyball team in the 2006 NORCECA Women´s Junior Continental Championship U-20 as setter. Her team finished in 6th. place. [sep] Knowledge2: Terry Hunter: Audioscrobbler
Knowledge1: Terry Hunte  Terence Anderson Hunte (born 4 April 1962) is a former Barbadian cricketer. Hunte was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Saint Philip, Barbados. [sep] Knowledge2: Steve McDonald (Coronation Street): When Fiona meets Steve's ex-girlfriend Vicky, she immediately sees her as a threat to her relationship.[5] Steve carries on gambling and it becomes clear that Vicky still has feelings for Steve. Vicky discovers that Fiona and Steve's relationship has been difficult despite them deciding to move in together.[6] Steve promises to stop gambling but when he learns that Vicky has inherited £240,000, he gets back with her.[7] Griffin believed that Fiona was actually more annoyed at Steve for flaunting his relationship with Vicky in her presence than losing him. She concluded, "I reckon she's had a pretty lucky escape."[8]
Knowledge1: Steve McDonald  Steve or Stephen McDonald may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Oiartzun: A river bearing the same name meanders through the meadows and neighbourhoods of this sparse municipality. That is one of its main features, it is scattered in different quarters across the valley. Elizalde lies on a prominence and it is the central nucleus of the town, with the main church San Esteban and town hall being located there. At the foot of Elizalde lies Altzibar by the Oiartzun River. Ugaldetxo developed into an urban built-up area surrounded by industrial estates near the AP-8 motorway, while the rest of the neighbourhoods have hung onto their rural and picturesque landscape to a large extent.
Knowledge1: Izaskun Zubizarreta Gerendiain (born September 30, 1970)  is a Spanish ski mountaineer. Zubizarreta was born in Oiartzun. She started ski mountaineering in 1997 and competed first in the Cronoescalada race in Cerler in 2006. In the same year, she became a member of the national team. Izaskun Zubizarreta Gerendiain  Izaskun Zubizarreta Gerendiain (born September 30, 1970) is a Spanish ski mountaineer.  Zubizarreta was born in Oiartzun. She started ski mountaineering in 1997 and competed first in the Cronoescalada race in Cerler in 2006. In the same year, she became a member of the national team. [sep] Knowledge2: John Milne Bramwell: Finding that "few seem to be acquainted with any of [Braid’s] works except Neurypnology or with the fact that [Neurypnology] was only one of a long series on the subject of hypnotism, and that in the later ones his views completely changed", Bramwell was convinced that this ignorance of Braid, which sprang from "imperfect knowledge of his writings", was further compounded by at least three "universally adopted opinions"; viz., that Braid was English (Braid was a Scot), "believed in phrenology" (Braid did not), and "knew nothing of suggestion" (when, in fact, Braid was its strongest advocate).[9]
Knowledge1: Grant Bramwell (born 28 January 1961 in Gisborne, New Zealand) is a sprint canoeist who competed in the 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m at Los Angeles in 1984 with Alan Thompson, Ian Ferguson and Paul MacDonald. Bramwell also won a K-1 10000 m bronze at the 1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mechelen. After retiring from top-level canoeing Bramwell was a selector for New Zealand canoeing in the 1990s. Grant Bramwell  Grant Bramwell (born 28 January 1961 in Gisborne, New Zealand) is a sprint canoeist who competed in the 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m at Los Angeles in 1984 with Alan Thompson, Ian Ferguson and Paul MacDonald. Bramwell also won a K-1 10000 m bronze at the 1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mechelen.  After retiring from top-level canoeing Bramwell was a selector for New Zealand canoeing in the 1990s. [sep] Knowledge2: Nanai people: After this ceremony the shaman leads the dog sleds on the dangerous journey to Buni, from where she must leave before sunset or else she will die.
Knowledge1: Valentin Aleksandrovich Avrorin (December 23 1907, Tambov - February 26 1977, Leningrad) was a Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and an expert in languages. He was born in Tambov, Russia to a family of teachers. He was outstanding in the sphere of Tungusic languages, and was one of the active creators of the Nanai written language. In 1925 Avrorin graduated from one of the Tambov schools.  Avrorin Valentin Alexandrovich (Bibliography) Valentin Avrorin  Valentin Aleksandrovich Avrorin (December 23 1907, Tambov - February 26 1977, Leningrad) was a Corresponding Member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and an expert in languages. He was born in Tambov, Russian Empire to a family of teachers. He was outstanding in the sphere of Tungusic languages, and was one of the active creators of the Nanai written language. In 1925 Avrorin graduated from one of the Tambov schools. [sep] Knowledge2: Shared Knowledge/Projects/Wikimedian-in-Residence at MANU: In order to view the usage of the uploaded files measured in numbers and percentage see the GLAMorous tool.
Knowledge1: Born on March 5, 1915 in Skoplje (now Skopje), Kingdom of Serbia, (present-day North Macedonia), Markovski completed his secondary education in Skoplje, later studying Slavic philology in Sofia. Markovski was a member of the Macedonian Literary Group founded in Skoplje in 1931, the Macedonian Literary Circle in Sofia, Bulgaria (1938–1941). He is an important figure in contemporary Macedonian literature after has published in 1938, what was to be the first contemporary book written in non-dialectal Macedonian language, "Narodni bigori". As the most of the left-wing politicians from Macedonia he has changed his ethnic affiliations from Bulgarian to Macedonian during the 1930s, after the recognition of the Macedonian ethnicity from the [sep] Knowledge2: List of Genesis of Aquarion characters: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Tsugumi Higasayama [sep] Knowledge2: Hansi Nies – Wikipedia: Hansi Niese died on the transport to the Löw sanatorium in Vienna. At the Vienna Central Cemetery, the folk actress was buried in the honor grave (group 14 C, number 4), in which her husband Josef Jarno was buried two years earlier. In 1935 in Vienna in the 19th district, Döbling, the Hansi-Nic gases and 1955 in the 13th district, Hietzing, not far from her childhood domicile of Hansi-Nic-Road named after her. In 1952, in addition to the Vienna Volkstheater, the Hansi-Niese monument designed by Josef Müllner was unveiled by Josef Müllner in 1938. [4]
Knowledge1: Benedikt Niese (1849–1910), German classical scholar ; Charlotte Niese (1854–1935), German writer, poet and teacher ; Danielle de Niese (born 1979), Australian-born soprano ; Hansi Niese (Johanna Niese, 1875–1934), Austrian actress ; Jon Niese (born 1986), American baseball player Niese is a surname, and may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Hansi Niese: Johanna "Hansi" Niese (10 novembre 1875 – 4 aprile 1934) è stata un'attrice austriaca. ; Hansi Niese: Altri progetti; Hansi Niese: Johanna Jarno-Niese, bekannt als Hansi Niese (* 10. November 1875 in Wien; † 4. April 1934 ebenda) war eine österreichische Schauspielerin und Operettensängerin (Sopran). Die anfängliche Autodidaktin wurde eine der beliebtesten Schauspielerinnen der Monarchie. ; Hansi Niese: Marie Johanna[1] war die Tochter des deutschen Papierfabrikanten August Niese († 31. Juli 1913 in St. Andrä-Wördern)[2]. Als Hansi fünf Jahre alt war, zog die Familie nach Speising (seit 1892 Teil des 13. Wiener Gemeindebezirks) in das Haus Speisinger Straße 28, in dem die Nieses bis 1892 wohnten (Gedenktafel). ; Hansi Niese: Hansi Niese debütierte 1891 mit 16 Jahren im südmährischen Znaim am dortigen Stadttheater. Ihre Erfolgsserie in Wien begann 1893 am Raimundtheater, wo sie in der Folge sechs Jahre lang in der Rolle der Soubrette auftrat. Im Jahr 1899 wechselte sie an das Theater in der Josefstadt; wenig später heiratete sie dessen Direktor Josef Jarno, mit dem sie zwei Kinder hatte, Josef (10. November 1899 – 17. Februar 1964) und Hansi (verh. Breza[3], 26. Februar 1901 – 21. März 1933).
Knowledge1: Raimonds Vilde (born August 19, 1962) is a former Latvian volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Riga. In 1988 he was part of the Soviet team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches. Currently coaching Latvian Men's National Volleyball Team. Received a prize "Example in Sport" during Latvian Yearly Sports Awards ceremony in December, 2012. Raimonds Bergmanis (born 1966), Latvian weightlifting champion, strongman and Olympic competitor ; Raimonds Dambis (born 1924), Latvian footballer and football manager ; Raimonds Karnītis (1929–1999), Latvian basketball player and coach ; Raimonds Laizāns (born 1964), Latvian football goalkeeper ; Raimonds Miglinieks (born 1970), Latvian professional basketball player ; Raimonds Pauls (born 1936), Latvian composer and pianist ; Raimonds Staprans (born 1926), Latvian playwright ; Raimonds Vaikulis (born 1980), Latvian professional basketball guard ; Raimonds Vējonis (born 1966), Latvian politician ; Raimonds Vilde (born 1962), Latvian volleyball player and Olympic competitor ; Raimonds Vilkoits (born 1990), Latvian professional ice hockey player Raimonds is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to: Raimonds Vilde  Raimonds Vilde (born August 19, 1962) is a former Latvian volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.  He was born in Riga.  In 1988 he was part of the Soviet team which won the silver medal in the Olympic tournament. He played six matches.  Currently coaching Latvian Men's National Volleyball Team. Received a prize "Example in Sport" during Latvian Yearly Sports Awards ceremony in December, 2012. [sep] Knowledge2: Ne Myo Thihapate: Thihapate then invaded Siam via the Chao Phraya valley, down towards Ayutthaya. His forces reached the outskirts of Ayutthaya on 20 January 1766, joining up with Maha Nawrahta's forces.[5] The Burmese then began what turned out to be a 14-month siege. Around March 1767, Maha Nawrahta died of illness, and Ne Myo Thihapate became the commander-of-chief of the entire operations. His forces breached the city's defenses on 7 April 1767, and sacked the entire city.[4]
Knowledge1:  Nay Myo Thant (နေမျိုးသန့်; จำรัส ทัศนละวาด) is a Burmese writer. His books include two volumes of short stories published in 1993 and 1997. Nay Myo Thant won first prize in the collected short stories genre in the Sarpay Beikman Manuscript Awards for 2000. He won third prize for 2006 Collected short stories in the Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award. He won first prize in the novel genre of the Sarpay Beikman awards for 2008. He also won third prize for short stories in the Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award for 2008. He won first prize in the youth literature genre of the Sarpay Beikman awards for 2009. Nay Myo Thant  Nay Myo Thant (; จำรัส ทัศนละวาด) is a Burmese writer. His books include two volumes of short stories published in 1993 and 1997.  Nay Myo Thant won first prize in the collected short stories genre in the Sarpay Beikman Manuscript Awards for 2000. He won third prize for 2006 Collected short stories in the Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award. He won first prize in the novel genre of the Sarpay Beikman awards for 2008. He also won third prize for short stories in the Pakokku U Ohn Pe literary award for 2008. He won first prize in the youth literature genre of the Sarpay Beikman awards for 2009. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Aarno Maliniemi.jpg: Boarisch | dansk | Deutsch | Deutsch (Sie-Form)‎ | English | suomi | français | italiano | македонски | Plattdüütsch | русский | sicilianu | svenska | +/−
Knowledge1: Aarno Henrik Maliniemi (surname until 1930 Malin; 9 May 1892 &ndash; 8 October 1972) was a Finnish historian, professor in church history at Helsinki University 1945–1960. Maliniemi was an expert on the medieval church. He studied early Finnish literature, and was editor of a number of publications and bibliographies. Maliniemi was born in Oulu. He was awarded a doctor honoris causa by University of Uppsala in 1952 and by University of St Andrews in 1960. He died in Helsinki, aged 80. Aarno Maliniemi  Aarno Henrik Maliniemi (surname until 1930 "Malin"; 9 May 1892 – 8 October 1972) was a Finnish historian, professor in church history at Helsinki University 1945–1960.  Maliniemi was an expert on the medieval church. He studied early Finnish literature, and was editor of a number of publications and bibliographies.  Maliniemi was born in Oulu. He was awarded a "doctor honoris causa" by University of Uppsala in 1952 and by University of St Andrews in 1960. He died in Helsinki, aged 80. [sep] Knowledge2: Charlie Plummer: In 2015, he played the lead role of Jack in Felix Thompson's directorial debut King Jack.[8] The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 17, 2015.[23] ; Plummer, Minnesota: The age distribution was 22.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 24.4% from 25 to 44, 21.9% from 45 to 64, and 23.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.0 males. ; Plummer, Minnesota: The median household income was $29,286, and the median family income was $43,438. Males had a median income of $27,500 versus $23,906 for females. The per capita income for the city was $17,506. About 1.6% of families and 8.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including none of those under the age of eighteen and 17.6% of those 65 or over.
Knowledge1: Charles Plumer  Charles George Plumer (1837 – 18 March 1914) was an English cricketer. Plumer's batting style is unknown. He was born at Canons Park, Middlesex, and was educated at both Harrow and Haileybury.  Plumer made his first-class debut for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Sussex in 1860 at The Dripping Pan, Lewes. He was dismissed for a duck twice in this match, firstly by Henry Stubberfield and secondly by George Wells. He later made a second first-class appearance for Sussex against the Marylebone Cricket Club at the Royal Brunswick Ground, Hove in 1863. He again failed with the bat in this match, with Plumer twice being dismissed for a duck, both times by James Grundy.  On the 1911 census Charles George Plumer is living in Cheltenham with his wife Kate Elizabeth née Marshall whom he married in 1875 at Fort St. George, Madras, India. He describes his occupation as a retired civil servant (chief magistrate) at Mysore, Madras, India. His son Charles George Marshall Plumer (born in 1878, India) was an officer in the British Army and also a cricketer.  Charles George Plumer died at Cheltenham, Gloucestershire on 18 March 1914. [sep] Knowledge2: Moon Chae-won: She next starred in Awaiting, a short film directed by Kang Je-gyu.[27] Moon played a woman separated from her husband (played by Go Soo) for sixty years by the division of North and South Korea.[28] Awaiting was one of the four short films comprising Beautiful 2014, an omnibus project that premiered at the 38th Hong Kong International Film Festival.[29]
Knowledge1: Moon Jun-won was born in Seoul, South Korea. He studied at Kaywon High School of Arts and continued his education on Theatre and Arts in Sungkyunkwan University. In 2013, Joo Won announced that he would be furthering his studies at Konkuk University.  Joo Won (born Moon Jun-won on September 30, 1987) is a South Korean actor best known for his roles in King of Baking, Kim Takgu (2010), Ojakgyo Family (2011), Bridal Mask (2012), Good Doctor (2013), Fatal Intuition (2015), Yong-pal (2015), My Sassy Girl (2017) and Alice (2020). Moon Joo-won  Moon Joo-Won (born May 8, 1983) is a South Korean football player. He currently plays for Gyeongnam FC [sep] Knowledge2: Lewis deSoto: Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive Director Lawrence Rinder writes: "deSoto has explored a wide variety of media in his efforts to express the nuances of various social histories and worldwide cosmologies."[1] ; Lewis deSoto: In 2016, a collection of photographs and essays by DeSoto titled EMPIRE was published by Heyday Books and the Robert and Frances Fullerton Museum of Art in San Bernardino.[5] This book serves as a comprehensive collection of images from his Inland Empire project, a portion of which was exhibited at the Fullerton Museum from November 2015 to February 2016. ; Tata Güines: In the 1990s, he toured internationally and recorded with many artists including pianist Alfredo Rodríguez, Peruchín Jr., Orlando "Maraca" Valle, Jesús Alemañy's Cubanismo and Hilario Durán. He recorded with the young conguero Anga Díaz, considered one of his main disciples, on the 1994 record Pasaporte, which won the EGREM Album of the Year award. On 1994 he recorded Aniversario as a leader. He collaborated with Jane Bunnett on Chamalongo (1997) and Cuban Odyssey (2002), and appeared on the documentary Spirits of Havana, which chronicles the recording of Cuban Odyssey.[7] In 2003 he played on the Latin Grammy-winning Lágrimas negras with pianist Bebo Valdés and Spanish flamenco singer Diego El Cigala.[1] In 2006, he was awarded the Premio Nacional de Música, the highest honor given to musicians in Cuba.[8]
Knowledge1: Leobardo Soto  Leobardo Soto Martínez (born 18 January 1971) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Puebla. [sep] Knowledge2:  List of Saint Seiya characters : The equivalents of Athena's Saints in Hades' Army. 36 Heavenly Stars and 72 Earthly Stars makes up the 108 stars in total.
Knowledge1:  Masaru Inada (稲田 勝) is a Japanese skeleton racer who has competed since 1997. He finished 18th in the men's skeleton event at both the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics. Inada's best finish at the FIBT World Championships was 11th in Nagano in 2003. He is a graduate of Sendai University. Masaru Inada  He is a graduate of Sendai University. [sep] Knowledge2: Philippe Petit: Shortly after 7 am local time, Petit stepped out on the wire and started to perform. He was 1,350 feet (410 m) above the ground. He performed for 45 minutes, making eight passes along the wire, during which he walked, danced, lay down on the wire, and knelt to salute watchers. Crowds gathered on the streets below. He said later that he could hear their murmuring and cheers.
Knowledge1: in Chalon-sur-Saône ; Musée d'Orsay in Paris ; National Library of France in Paris ; National Portrait Gallery, London Museums that hold large collections of his photographs: Pierre Petit (racing driver)  Pierre Petit (born 27 September 1957 in Guéret) is a French racing driver. In 1982 he won the French Formula Three Championship. In 1995 he finished third at 24 Hours of Le Mans in the LMP2 class. [sep] Knowledge2: Dick Carlson: In 1990, Carlson jointly addressed the Israeli Knesset with Malcolm Forbes, Jr. Three years later, he jointly addressed Britain's House of Commons with Richard Branson.
Knowledge1:  Billy Carlson (17 October 1889 San Diego, California &ndash; 4 July 1915 Tacoma, Washington) was an American racecar driver. He was killed in an AAA National Championship race at Tacoma Speedway. Billy Carlson  Billy Carlson (17 October 1889 San Diego, California – 4 July 1915 Tacoma, Washington) was an American racecar driver. He was killed in an AAA National Championship race at Tacoma Speedway. [sep] Knowledge2: Abraham Raimbach: He is buried in St Mary's Churchyard, Hendon.[3]
Knowledge1: Abraham Raimbach  Abraham Raimbach (16 February 1776 in London17 January 1843), was an English engraver of Swiss descent.  He was born in Cecil Court in the West End of London. Educated at Archbishop Tenison's Library School, he was apprenticed to the engraver J. Hall from 1789 to 1796. For nine years, part of his working-time was devoted to the study of drawing in the Royal Academy and to carrying out occasional engravings for the booksellers, whilst his leisure hours were employed in painting portraits in miniature. Having formed an intimacy with Sir David Wilkie, Raimbach in 1812 began to engrave some of Wilkie's best pictures. At his death, he held a gold medal awarded for his "Village Politicians" at the Paris Exhibition of 1814. He was elected corresponding member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts in 1835.  He is buried in St Mary's Churchyard, Hendon. [sep] Knowledge2: Hubert Howe Bancroft: Neither Bancroft, nor most of his assistants, had enough training to avoid stating their personal opinions and enthusiasms, but their works were generally well received in their time. Historian Francis Parkman praised Bancroft's The Native Races in The North American Review, but Lewis H. Morgan was more critical, based on his newly published theory of Indian culture, in an article named Montezuma's Dinner. Bancroft's response to Morgan's criticism suggests that he did not understand Morgan's theory, which is now generally accepted by scholars.
Knowledge1: H. Hugh Bancroft  Henry Hugh Bancroft (29 February 1904 – 11 September 1988) was a British organist, choirmaster, and composer who was organist of five cathedrals. He was born in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire, and studied music with E. P. Guthrie and J. S. Robinson in nearby Grimsby.  He attained the FRCO diploma in 1925. He was then organist of Old Clee parish church and was supplementing his modest income by playing in the local theatre and by working as a compass adjuster. Seeking better prospects, he left for Canada in 1929 to become organist of St. Matthew's Anglican Church in Winnipeg, Manitoba. In 1936 while at St. Matthew's, he earned an external BMus from Durham University. After nine years, he left for the Church of the Ascension in Hamilton, Ontario, but stayed there only nine months.<ref name=":1" /> In 1937, he was back in Winnipeg, at the downtown parish of All Saints, where he developed a men and boys choir of national renown and initiated choral evensongs on the model of the Church of England cathedrals. Also in Winnipeg, he met and married his wife Eldred Curle.  From 1946 to 1948 he was organist of Christ Church Cathedral in Vancouver, British Columbia, director of the Vancouver Bach Choir, and an instructor at the British Columbia Institute of Music and Drama. He left Vancouver to become master of music at St. Andrew's Cathedral in Sydney, Australia, but in 1953 returned to All Saints in Winnipeg.  On a visit to Cambridge University on his way back from Australia, he experienced the annual Advent Carol service of King's College, and the next year introduced the tradition to Canada at All Saints' Church.  He was briefly at Christ Church Cathedral in Nassau, Bahamas, before moving to All Saints' Cathedral in Edmonton, Alberta, in 1958, where he remained until his retirement in 1980. From 1968 to 1977 he also taught for the Department of Music of the University of Alberta in Edmonton.  Bancroft was also known as a teacher, and instructed many students who went on to have careers as composers and organists, including Hugh McLean (organist), Barry Anderson, Barbara Pentland, Douglas Bodle, Elwyn Davies and Herbert Sadler.  An active composer and arranger, Bancroft was an Associate Composer of the Canadian Music Centre and published numerous pieces, including anthems, motets, chorale and organ works. Several works were premiered by major symphony orchestras.<ref name=":0" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Nina Dittrich: Beide Eltern Dittrichs waren in den 1980er Jahren selbst als Schwimmsportler aktiv. Mutter Ulrike, damals noch unverheiratet Ulrike Bauer, erzielte österreichische Rekorde über 100 und 200 m Brust und nahm an den Weltmeisterschaften 1982 in Guayaquil (Ecuador) und den Europameisterschaften 1983 in Rom (Italien) teil[1]. Vater Kurt Dittrich, ebenfalls mehrfacher Rekordhalter, war im österreichischen Team bei den Olympischen Sommerspielen 1980 in Moskau (Sowjetunion) und ist der Trainer Nina Dittrichs.
Knowledge1: Nina Dittrich (born November 20, 1990 in Vienna) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. She is a multiple-time Austrian champion, a five-time national record holder, and also, a current member of Simmering Swimming Club (Schwimmverein Schwechat Simmering) in Schwechat. Dittrich is also the daughter of Ulrike Bauer, an Austrian record holder in both 100 and 200 m breaststroke, and Kurt Dittrich, a sprint butterfly swimmer who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.  Dittrich was born in Biala, Galicia (modern Bielsko-Biała, Poland). He attended the Vienna Conservatory, where he specialized in violin, piano, organ, and music composition. His teachers included Anton Bruckner, who later became one of his sponsors. In November 1886, Dittrich married a singer named Petronella Josefine Leopoldine Lammer (15 September 1860 - 4 January 1891). Dittrich was hired by the Meiji government of Japan as a foreign advisor on a three-year contract and arrived in Tokyo in 1888 as the first Art Director of the Tokyo School of Music (now the Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music). Dittrich and his wife both worked at the  Nina Dittrich  Nina Dittrich (born November 20, 1990 in Vienna) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events. She is a multiple-time Austrian champion, a five-time national record holder, and also, a current member of Simmering Swimming Club () in Schwechat. [sep] Knowledge2: Augmented reality: In virtual reality (VR), the users' perception of reality is completely based on virtual information. In augmented reality (AR) the user is provided with additional computer- generated information within the data collected from real life that enhances their perception of reality.[20][21] For example, in architecture, VR can be used to create a walk-through simulation of the inside of a new building; and AR can be used to show a building's structures and systems super-imposed on a real-life view. Another example is through the use of utility applications. Some AR applications, such as Augment, enable users to apply digital objects into real environments, allowing businesses to use augmented reality devices as a way to preview their products in the real world.[22] Similarly, it can also be used to demo what products may look like in an environment for customers, as demonstrated by companies such as Mountain Equipment Co-op or Lowe's who use augmented reality to allow customers to preview what their products might look like at home through the use of 3D models.[23] ; Augmented reality: A head-mounted display (HMD) is a display device worn on the forehead, such as a harness or helmet-mounted. HMDs place images of both the physical world and virtual objects over the user's field of view. Modern HMDs often employ sensors for six degrees of freedom monitoring that allow the system to align virtual information to the physical world and adjust accordingly with the user's head movements.[28][29][30] HMDs can provide VR users with mobile and collaborative experiences.[31] Specific providers, such as uSens and Gestigon, include gesture controls for full virtual immersion.[32][33] ; Augmented reality: AR displays can be rendered on devices resembling eyeglasses. Versions include eyewear that employs cameras to intercept the real world view and re-display its augmented view through the eyepieces[34] and devices in which the AR imagery is projected through or reflected off the surfaces of the eyewear lens pieces.[35][36][37] ; Augmented reality: A head-up display (HUD) is a transparent display that presents data without requiring users to look away from their usual viewpoints. A precursor technology to augmented reality, heads-up displays were first developed for pilots in the 1950s, projecting simple flight data into their line of sight, thereby enabling them to keep their "heads up" and not look down at the instruments. Near-eye augmented reality devices can be used as portable head-up displays as they can show data, information, and images while the user views the real world. Many definitions of augmented reality only define it as overlaying the information.[38][39] This is basically what a head-up display does; however, practically speaking, augmented reality is expected to include registration and tracking between the superimposed perceptions, sensations, information, data, and images and some portion of the real world.[40] ; Augmented reality: Contact lenses that display AR imaging are in development. These bionic contact lenses might contain the elements for display embedded into the lens including integrated circuitry, LEDs and an antenna for wireless communication. The first contact lens display was patented in 1999 by Steve Mann and was intended to work in combination with AR spectacles, but the project was abandoned,[41][42] then 11 years later in 2010–2011.[43][44][45][46] Another version of contact lenses, in development for the U.S. military, is designed to function with AR spectacles, allowing soldiers to focus on close-to-the-eye AR images on the spectacles and distant real world objects at the same time.[47][48]
Knowledge1: Gary Freear  Gary David Freear (born 4 May 1982) is an English cricketer. Freear is a right-handed batsman. He was born in King's Lynn, Norfolk.  Freear made his debut for Cambridgeshire County Cricket Club in the 2000 Minor Counties Championship against Suffolk. In 2001, he made his List A cricket debut against Somerset in the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. He played three further List A matches for Cambridgeshire, the last coming against Northamptonshire in the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. He played for Cambridgeshire until the end of the 2014 season.  In his spare time Gary works as a carpenter for his family business. More recently he has founded GDF Bats and makes and sells cricket bats and other equipment to the buyers specifications.   Gary for many years has been a groundsman at Wisbech Cricket Club, where he resided on the grounds in the ‘chod shack’. This was until he found his now wife Heidi Allen. [sep] Knowledge2: 国际象棋特级大师列表: 一些年长的大师可能没有自1998年起使用的国际棋联ID。此ID是指向国际棋联个人资料页面的网络链接。国际棋联数据库将其名字转换为英文字母。年份是国际棋联正式授予冠军头衔的年份。少数情况是多年后追溯授予的。   ; 国际象棋特级大师列表: 特级大师头衔终身有效，但规定“使用 FIDE 头衔或评级来颠覆头衔或评级系统的道德原则Template:Refn”或发现违反Template:Tsl将撤销头衔。[1]
Knowledge1: Paweł Blehm  Paweł Blehm (born 17 April 1980 in Olkusz) is a Polish chess grandmaster (2001).  He took part in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2000, but was knocked out in the first round by Smbat Lputian. He played for Poland in the Chess Olympiad of 2000. In 2002 he won the Bermuda Open tournament.  His handle on the Internet Chess Club is "Pawelek". [sep] Knowledge2: Stone, Staffordshire: The River Trent, which runs through the town, had been used for cargo-carrying vessels since Roman times but further inland smaller boats could only be used. Seasonal fluctuations in water depth proved insurmountable, although cargo could be carried from the sea as far south as Wilden Ferry (southeast of Derby), where the River Derwent joins the Trent and increases the quantity of water, then onwards by road. Prior to tarmac roads, journeys overland by roads were slow and delicate wares were prone to breakages over the rough terrain.
Knowledge1: Keri Lees (née Maddox; born 4 July 1972 in Stone, Staffordshire is a female retired English athlete. Keri Lees  Keri Lees (née Maddox; born 4 July 1972 in Stone, Staffordshire is a female retired English athlete. [sep] Knowledge2: Christos Mitsis: Christos Mitsis is a Greek professional football defender who currently plays for AEL 1964 in Gamma Ethniki. He was born on 10 July, 1980 in Maroussi, Greece. Mitsis began his career with the youth team of Panathinaikos in 1997. He made his professional debut in 1999 with the club's first team. He went on to make over 100 appearances for the club before leaving in 2004. Mitsis then joined AEK Athens, where he made over 100 appearances and won the Greek Cup in 2006. He left the club in 2008 and joined AEL 1964, where he has been ever since. Mitsis has also represented the Greek national team, making his debut in 2004. He has made over 20 appearances for the team and was part of the squad that won the 2004 European Championship. Mitsis is married and has two children. He is 40 years old and his net worth is estimated to be around $1 million.
Knowledge1: Christos Mitsis (born 10 July 1980, in Maroussi) is a Greek professional football defender currently playing for AEL 1964 in Gamma Ethniki. Christos Mitsis  Christos Mitsis (born 10 July 1980, in Maroussi) is a Greek professional football defender currently playing for AEL 1964 in Gamma Ethniki. [sep] Knowledge2: Robin Williams: On August 11, 2014, Williams was found dead in his home.[6] His death was believed to have been a suicide by asphyxiation.[7]; Robin Williams: He acted in the movies The World According to Garp, Good Morning, Vietnam, Dead Poets Society, Awakenings, The Fisher King, Good Will Hunting, Popeye, Hook, Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Jumanji, The Birdcage, Night at the Museum, and Happy Feet. ; Robin Williams: Before his death, Williams starred in the short-lived comedy The Crazy Ones. It was cancelled shortly before his death. ; Robin Williams: Once Williams got angry with Disney for using his voice as the Genie in Aladdin to sell merchandise for the movie. Disney tried to apologize to Williams. The Disney company bought a Picasso painting for him.[13]; Robin Williams: Williams was cremated. His ashes were scattered in the San Francisco Bay.[27] On December 16, 2014, it was revealed that, as a result of his death, Williams was the fastest growing search term on Google in 2014.[28]
Knowledge1: Robin Williams  Robin McLaurin Williams (July 21, 1951August 11, 2014) was an American actor and comedian. Known for his improvisational skills and the wide variety of characters he created on the spur of the moment and portrayed on film, in dramas and comedies alike, he is regarded as one of the greatest comedians of all time.  Williams began performing stand-up comedy in San Francisco and Los Angeles during the mid-1970s, After his first leading film role in "Popeye" (1980), he starred in several critically and commercially successful films, including "The World According to Garp" (1982), "Moscow on the Hudson" (1984), "Good Morning, Vietnam" (1987), "Dead Poets Society" (1989), "Awakenings" (1990), "The Fisher King" (1991), "Patch Adams" (1998), "One Hour Photo" (2002), and "World's Greatest Dad" (2009). He also starred in box office successes such as "Hook" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993), "Jumanji" (1995), "The Birdcage" (1996), "Good Will Hunting" (1997), and the "Night at the Museum" trilogy (2006–2014). He was nominated for four Academy Awards, winning Best Supporting Actor for "Good Will Hunting". He also received two Primetime Emmy Awards, six Golden Globe Awards, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and five Grammy Awards.  On August 11, 2014, at age 63, Williams died by suicide at his home in Paradise Cay, California. His autopsy revealed undiagnosed Lewy body disease. [sep] Knowledge2: Paul Keating: Although tensions between the two remained private for some time, Keating eventually resigned from the Cabinet in June 1991 and challenged for the leadership.[59] Hawke won the ballot by 66 votes to 44,[60] and in a press statement afterwards Keating declared that he had fired his "one shot" as regards the leadership.[61][62] Publicly, at least, this seemed to spell the end of his leadership ambitions. Having failed to defeat Hawke, Keating realised that events would have to move very much in his favour for a second challenge to be even possible, and he strongly considered retiring from politics altogether.[63] However, Hawke's leadership was regarded by many as being "wounded" as a result of losing his long-term political partner and the growing confidence of the Liberal-National Coalition under the new leadership of John Hewson.[64][65] After Hawke was forced to sack John Kerin, the man appointed to replace Keating as treasurer, for a public gaffe in attempting to combat the Coalition's new 'Fightback!' policy,[66] Keating took the opportunity to challenge a second time in December 1991, this time emerging victorious by 56 votes to 51.[67] Keating paid tribute to Hawke's nine years as prime minister, and stated that he would provide a robust challenge to Hewson.[68]
Knowledge1:  John Keating was born in Chicago, Illinois, to Robert and Gertrude Keating. He was educated at Queen of All Saints School, Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary in Chicago, and St. Mary of the Lake Seminary in Mundelein, Illinois. Keating continued his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, from where he obtained a Licentiate of Sacred Theology in 1959. Johnny Keating  John Keating (10 September 1927 – 28 May 2015) was a Scottish musician, songwriter, arranger and trombonist. [sep] Knowledge2: Jurgis Karnavičius (pianist): Jurgis Karnavičius is a piano soloist who has played with different orchestras, and he often accompanies his wife, the opera singer Sigutė Stonytė. In recent years he has been actively collaborating with several chamber ensembles, preparing concert programmes with the M. K. Čiurlionis String Quartet, Lithuanian Art Museum Quartet, Sostinės String Trio, and others. He has played well over one hundred solo concerts. In 2004, Jurgis Karnavičius earned a professorship with the Lithuanian Academy of Music.
Knowledge1:  works. In 1927, Karnavičius returned to Lithuania, which had only regained its independence as a sovereign nation less than ten years earlier. In addition to teaching at the Conservatory of Music in Kaunas, he opted to play the viola with the orchestra of the State Opera for a number of years. Having a personal desire write a new opera himself, and under the influence of the renewed national pride released by Lithuania's regaining its independence, Karnavičius began to write his first opera, Gražina, which premiered on February 16, 1933. It had incorporated more than forty melodies borrowed from Lithuanian folk songs, and was a popular success. It is considered among the first of the "Lithuanian National Operas". This was followed in 1937 by the opera Radvila Perkūnas about the Lithuanian nobleman Krzysztof Mikołaj Radziwiłł. [sep] Knowledge2: Yue Fei: The Kaifeng Jews, one of many pockets of Chinese Jews living in ancient China, refer to this tattoo in two of their three stele monuments created in 1489, 1512, and 1663. The first mention appeared in a section of the 1489 stele referring to the Jews' "Boundless loyalty to the country and Prince".[27] The second appeared in a section of the 1512 stele about how Jewish soldiers and officers in the Chinese armies were "boundlessly loyal to the country".[28]
Knowledge1: Xue Fei (footballer)  Xue Fei (Chinese: 薛飞; born 29 October 1987 in Beijing) is a Chinese football player who plays for China League Two side Sichuan Jiuniu. [sep] Knowledge2: Joe Crowley: Crowley advocated tax increases on the highest tax brackets, tax cuts for the middle class, and reduced defense spending. When serving on the Ways and Means Committee, he stated: "I really don't see how it's justifiable or sensible to give a tax cut to the wealthiest among us, but at the same time increase taxes on U.S. soldiers."[48] He also applauded the 2009 Budget for ending the Alternative Minimum Tax, and ensuring tax cuts for 23 million middle-class Americans.[49] In 2011, he opposed a bill that appropriated funds to the defense budget.[50] ; Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez: Pelosi opened discussion on the House floor saying that Gosar's actions demanded a response. "We cannot have members joking about murdering each other or threatening the president of the United States. This is both an indictment of our elected officials and an insult to the institution of the House of Representatives. It's not just about us as members of Congress. It is a danger that it represents to everyone in the country."[183]
Knowledge1: Din Joe Crowley  Denis Joseph Crowley (1945 – 19 February 2016) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Kerry senior team.  Born in Rathmore, County Kerry, Crowley was introduced to Gaelic football in his youth. At club level he lined out with Rathmore, however, it was with divisional side East Kerry that he won four championship medals.  Crowley made his debut on the inter-county scene when he first linked up with the Kerry senior team during the 1967 championship. He went on to win two All-Ireland medals, four Munster medals and two National League medals. He was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.  Crowley was a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions but never won a Railway Cup medal. He retired from inter-county football following the conclusion of the 1972 championship. [sep] Knowledge2: Joachim Zachris Duncker: Duncker was buried next to Umeå church by the Russians that gave him a full honour guard. He lies buried together with a Russian cossack chief. In 1897 a memorial was erected on the spot where the grave was assumed to be.
Knowledge1:  He was the eldest son of pastor Albert Andreas Duncker (1706–1781) and his second wife, Sophie Dorothea von Olthof (d.1761). His early artistic career was promoted by his uncle, Adolf Friedrich von Olthof, a Swedish Pomeranian Councilor from Stralsund, who arranged for him to study with the landscape painter Jakob Philipp Hackert. In 1765, Hackert took him to Paris and, after the Olthofs lost their fortune in 1768, took over his upbringing. In addition to receiving lessons from Joseph Marie Vien and Noël Hallé, he was influenced by the work of the copper engraver, Johann Georg Wille. He also studied the basics of  Joachim Zachris Duncker  Joachim Zachris Duncker (12 November 1774 – 6 July 1809) was a Swedish soldier born in Ristiina in Savonia.  In 1789 Duncker obtained the rank of 2nd Lieutenant in the Savonia ranger regiment. He fought in the 1790 war against Russia and proved his valor at the Battle of Perttimäki 19 May. In 1804 Duncker was promoted to Captain.  During the Finnish War of 1808-1809 he distinguished himself as a brave and prominent officer. When Cronstedt's army retreated from Mikkeli to Iisalmi and Oulu through Leppävirta (March 1808), Duncker commanded the army's rearguard. During the Battle of Pulkkila (2 May 1808) he distinguished himself so well that Johan August Sandels gave him the honorary assignment to bring the news of the victory to the Swedish king. Shortly after, he was promoted to Major. In June 1808 he captured a large transport of supplies to the Russians. During the Battle of Koljonvirta (27 October 1808), Duncker together with Colonel Fahlander and Major Malm and only 600 men helped Sandels to utterly defeated a superior Russian force. In 1809 Duncker fought the Russians in the Swedish province of Västerbotten, and was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel. During the Battle of Hörnefors (5 July 1809) Duncker commanded the Swedish rearguard and received fatal wounds and died in the Russian encampment the day after.  Duncker was buried next to Umeå church by the Russians that gave him a full honour guard. He lies buried together with a Russian cossack chief. In 1897 a memorial was erected on the spot where the grave was assumed to be. [sep] Knowledge2:  Paul Revere Braniff : While in Mexico, he gained airline industry expertise.  He returned to the United States with innovative ideas for a new Braniff, including the use of faster aircraft that he knew would help the airline by bringing quicker turn-around times and, as a consequence, enable the airline to carry more passengers.
Knowledge1: Paul Braniff  Paul Braniff may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Scott Paterson: A product of the Scottish Highland Football League, Paterson began his professional career with his local Senior Club, Cove Rangers F.C. of the Scottish Highland Football League before winning a £15,000 move to Graeme Souness's Liverpool in March 1992. After two full seasons at Anfield but no first team appearances, Paterson spent four years with Bristol City, where he was loaned to Cardiff City in 1997. He then embarked on a series of moves around Britain which saw him spend no more than a season at any one club, and which included a short stint (between Carlisle United and Plymouth Argyle) back in the Highland Football League with Huntly FC, where his older brother was centre half at the time. He also had a spell at Cambridge United during this period.
Knowledge1:  All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).  Scott Patterson (born December 23, 1961) is a Canadian athlete who has appeared in four Paralympic Games in three different sports. Patterson is a double leg amputee injured in a work accident in 1982. He competed in four events in track athletics in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea, his best result being fifth. His next appearance was not until the 2002 Winter Paralympics in Salt Lake City, where he entered 3 alpine skiing events, winning a bronze medal in the Men's giant slalom LW12. He skied again in 2006 in Torino, but his best result was a 20th place. In the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London he appeared for the first time as a swimmer, taking 8th place in the final of the 100 metre breaststroke SB5.  Scott Patterson (born January 28, 1992) is an American cross-country skier. He competed in the 2018 Winter Olympics. He skied for South Anchorage High School, where he was a three-time Alaska State skimeister. He then skied for University of Vermont, along with his sister, Caitlin. Currently, he represents Alaska Pacific University professionally and the US Ski Team. Most recently, he placed 10th at the World Championships 50k Classic race in Obersdorf, Germany. Scott Patterson  Scott Gordon Patterson (born September 11, 1958) is an American actor and musician. He is known for his role as Luke Danes in "Gilmore Girls" and as Special Agent Peter Strahm in the "Saw" films. He also starred as Michael Buchanan in the NBC drama series "The Event" and as a Tenctonese alien commander in the TV film "". Scott Patterson (director)  Scott Patterson (born 21 January 1962) is an Australian film director and film editor.  Before moving towards directing and film producing, Patterson used to work for the Australian television production company, Ross Wood Productions. Patterson's debut feature film, "A Wreck, A Tangle", received an Australian Film Institute Award nomination for 'Best Achievement in Sound' in 2000. It also won an Awgie Award from the Australian Writers' Guild in the category 'Feature Film – Original'.  His films have been screened at the Cannes Film Festival and Venice Film Festival, making him one of only a few Australian film directors to have films screened at both of these festivals. His short film "Lessons in the Language of Love" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. He has also directed and produced commercials featuring Tina Turner and his 2001 short film "Pact" won the 'Premiere Award' at the Hamburg Short Film Festival.  Patterson's 2004 feature film, "The Crop", received the prize for 'Best International Feature Film' at the New York International Film Festival in 2005.   Scott Patterson (Paralympian)  Scott Patterson (born December 23, 1961) is a Canadian athlete who has appeared in four Paralympic Games in three different sports.  Patterson is a double leg amputee injured in a work accident in 1982. He competed in four events in track athletics in the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, South Korea, his best result being fifth.  His next appearance was not until the 2002 Winter Paralympics in Salt Lake City, where he entered 3 alpine skiing events, winning a bronze medal in the Men's giant slalom LW12. He skied again in 2006 in Torino, but his best result was a 20th place.  In the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London he appeared for the first time as a swimmer, taking 8th place in the final of the 100 metre breaststroke SB5. [sep] Knowledge2: Emmanuel Biron: Ved det franske mesterskapet innendørs i februar 2012 fikk han sølv på 60 meter, med tiden 6,60. Christophe Lemaitre vant gullet, 1 hundredel foran Biron. I mars deltok han ved VM i friidrett innendørs 2012, der han kom på 6.-plass på 60 meter, med tiden 6,63.
Knowledge1: Emmanuel Biron  Emmanuel Biron (born 29 July 1988, in Lyon) is a French sprinter. [sep] Knowledge2: Yugo Yoshida: At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Yoshida competed again as a crew member in the men's 470 class by finishing sixth and receiving a berth from the World Championships in Barcelona, Spain.[4] Teaming with Harada in the opening series, Yoshida mounted a spirited challenge on the fifth leg to deliver the Japanese duo a seventh spot, but fell short of the medal race with an eighteenth-place finish on 131 net points.[5]
Knowledge1: Yugo Yoshida  Yoshida and his partner and skipper Ryunosuke Harada made their official debut at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China, where they edged out the host nation's Wang Weidong and Deng Daokun by a seven-point advantage for the gold medal in the men's 470 class, accumulating a net score of 17 points.  At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Yoshida competed again as a crew member in the men's 470 class by finishing sixth and receiving a berth from the World Championships in Barcelona, Spain. Teaming with Harada in the opening series, Yoshida mounted a spirited challenge on the fifth leg to deliver the Japanese duo a seventh spot, but fell short of the medal race with an eighteenth-place finish on 131 net points.  On February 14, 2013, Yoshida was married to his counterpart, fellow 470 sailing star, and teammate Ai Kondo at a private ceremony in Waikiki Beach, Hawaii, United States. [sep] Knowledge2: Miranda Lambert: In His Arms was performed live by Lambert, Randall and Ingram at the 2021 ACM Awards, and at the awards show Lambert also performed "Drunk (And I Don't Wanna Go Home)" with Elle King, and she also stood in last-minute for Chris Stapleton's wife Morgane Stapleton to sing harmony on Stapleton's performance of Maggie's Song.
Knowledge1: Montxu Miranda Díez (born 27 December 1976 in Santurce) is a Spanish pole vaulter. His personal best of 5.81 metres, achieved in September 2000 in Barcelona, is still the standing Spanish national record. Montxu Miranda  Montxu Miranda Díez (born 27 December 1976 in Santurce) is a Spanish pole vaulter. His personal best of 5.81 metres, achieved in September 2000 in Barcelona, is still the standing Spanish national record . [sep] Knowledge2: Juha Jokela: Seinen Lebensunterhalt verdiente der Dramatiker ab 1998 vor allem als Drehbuchautor für finnische Fernseh-Serien. Gelegentlich übernahm er auch die Regie oder Darstellerrollen. Ab den 2000er Jahren schrieb er auch Stücke für das Theater, die in Helsinki oder der Nachbargroßstadt Espoo an großen Theatern aufgeführt wurden. Beim Heidelberger Stückemarkt gewann der Autor 2014 den Publikumspreis mit seinem Stück Der Patriarch.[1]
Knowledge1:  Jokela started his ice hockey career with the KalPa junior team, and was selected 96th overall in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft by the New Jersey Devils He represented various SM-liiga teams before he signed with the Devils for the 2001–02 NHL season. Jokela spent the season with the AHL Albany River Rats, and after starting the next season in the AHL, he was traded to the Vancouver Canucks for Steve Kariya, where he played his only NHL game in the 2002–03 season. After another year with the Canucks' AHL affiliate Manitoba Moose, Jokela returned to Finland and signed with HPK. He was made team captain for the 2005–06 season when the team won the SM-liiga championship. In April 2007, he signed a three-year contract with Jokerit. However, he moved to  Juha Jokela  Juha Petteri Jokela (born 7 January 1970 in Tampere) is a Finnish playwright and scriptwriter, best known for his "Mobile Horror" play and TV series.  Jokela graduated from high school gymnasium in Tampere in 1989 and studied the literature of science and theater studies at the University of Helsinki 1990–1994 and was a student of the Theatre Academy from 1994 onwards.  Jokela is married to actress Mari Lehtonen. He has written plays such as "Fundamentalisti" (2006), performed at the Jurkka Theatre. [sep] Knowledge2: Richard Bull (MP): His library housed about five hundred illustrated volumes, mainly topographical, with about two hundred books printed before 1700 and a few engraved throughout. Both Horace Walpole and Anthony Morris Storer bequeathed books to him, which he had bound in red Morocco of simple design and placed in the library he had fitted in Northcourt.[12] He was a valued client of Edwards, the Halifax bookbinders, who gave his daughter a complimentary prayer book 'as a faint Expression of Gratitude for the Recommendations and other Favours'.[13]
Knowledge1:  Bull began his stage career at the famous Goodman Theatre in Chicago. He said that a two-line part in The Greatest Story Ever Told "opened a lot of doors." Director George Stevens was impressed with Bull's emoting, and that "led directly to the role of an FBI agent in The Satan Bug," Bull said. He made more than 100 film and TV appearances. [sep] Knowledge2: Maurice B. Stein: Maurice Reymond de Brouteilles — J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles (auch Maurice Reymond, auch de Brouteilles; * 25. April 1862 in Genf; † 17. November 1936 in Paris[1]) war ein Schweizer Bildhauer, Maler und Radierer, der in Paris arbeitete. Reymond studierte an der École des… …   Deutsch Wikipedia
Knowledge1:  Maurice was born the son of Baron Jules Houtart (1844-1928). He married Marcelle Jooris (1878-1924), daughter of Emile Jooris, the mayor of Vardenare, with whom he had one son. Descendants through his son are still living. He published a history of his family. From 1934 he lived in the Château de Gesves. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles  J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles (born Maurice Reymond, de Broutelles is his spouse name, and sometimes also given as "de Brouteilles", 25 April 1862 – 17 November 1936) was a Swiss sculptor, painter, and engraver who worked in Paris, France.   Born in Geneva, Reymond studied in Paris at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts under Henri Chapu and Félix Joseph Barrias. In 1889, he married Caroline de Broutelles,, taking her name as his own.   Reymond had his atelier in Paris, where he frequently presented his works at expositions. At the "Expositions Universelles" in Paris in 1889 and in 1900 he was awarded a bronze and a silver medal for his works, respectively. He died in Paris at the age of 74. [sep] Knowledge2: Maurice B. Stein: Maurice Reymond — J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles (auch Maurice Reymond, auch de Brouteilles; * 25. April 1862 in Genf; † 17. November 1936 in Paris[1]) war ein Schweizer Bildhauer, Maler und Radierer, der in Paris arbeitete. Reymond studierte an der École des… …   Deutsch Wikipedia; Maurice B. Stein: Maurice Reymond de Brouteilles — J. Maurice Reymond de Broutelles (auch Maurice Reymond, auch de Brouteilles; * 25. April 1862 in Genf; † 17. November 1936 in Paris[1]) war ein Schweizer Bildhauer, Maler und Radierer, der in Paris arbeitete. Reymond studierte an der École des… …   Deutsch Wikipedia
Knowledge1: Yul Vazquez  Yul Vazquez (born March 18, 1965) is a Cuban-American actor and musician. He has appeared in "Runaway Bride" (1999), "Bad Boys II" (2003), "War of the Worlds" (2005), "American Gangster" (2007), "The A-Team" (2010), "Captain Phillips" (2013), "The Infiltrator" (2016), "Midnight, Texas" (2017–2018), "Russian Doll" (2019), and "Severance" (2022). Vazquez used to be the lead guitarist for melodic rock bands Urgent and Diving for Pearls. [sep] Knowledge2:  Juan Manuel Montero Vázquez : Montero was born in Palencia. He joined the army in the rank of a Teniente (MC) in 1972 and held several assignments in the Central Military Hospital "Gómez Ulla".[1] In May 2012, while participating a special NATO medical officials conference in Tel Aviv, Israel, Montero Vázquez died suddenly of heart failure.[2]   He was 64.
Knowledge1: Evan Abraham (born 1901, date of death 27 Nov 1990) was a footballer who played in the English Football League for Merthyr Town and Walsall. He was born in Swansea, Wales. Evan Abraham  Evan Abraham (born 1901, date of death 27 Nov 1990) was a footballer who played in the English Football League for Merthyr Town and Walsall. He was born in Swansea, Wales. [sep] Knowledge2: Abraham: One person who escaped capture came and told Abram what happened. Once Abram received this news, he immediately assembled 318 trained servants. Abram's force headed north in pursuit of the Elamite army, who were already worn down from the Battle of Siddim. When they caught up with them at Dan, Abram devised a battle plan by splitting his group into more than one unit, and launched a night raid. Not only were they able to free the captives, Abram's unit chased and slaughtered the Elamite King Chedorlaomer at Hobah, just north of Damascus. They freed Lot, as well as his household and possessions, and recovered all of the goods from Sodom that had been taken.[22]
Knowledge1:  Carlos Nieto (born 25 June 1976) is an Italian Argentine international rugby union player. Nieto made his Italy debut against England in the 2002 Six Nations but did not manage to establish himself as an automatic choice in the front row. He was recalled by Berbizier to the national set-up for the 2005 Summer tour of Argentina and Australia. He was one of Italy's best players during the 2006 Six nations championship even though he missed the final game against Scotland because of injury. In the 2006 he signed for Gloucester Rugby. In 2009, Nieto signed for Saracens. He started for Saracens as they won their first Premiership title in 2011. On May 2, 2013, Nieto announced he will retire at the end of the 2012/13 season. [sep] Knowledge2: Carlos Nieto: Carlos Nieto may refer to: ;  Carlos Nieto :   Carlos Nieto        Aliases Carl   Family Unnamed Father†Christian (brother)Kylie Samstron (daughter)   Relationship(s) Holly Levine (wife)   Affiliation New York City Fire Department (FDNY)    Biographical information  Marital status Married   Date of birth May 11, 1975   Place of birth Honolulu, Hawaii    Physical description  Status Alive   Gender Male   Occupation Firefighter   Nationality Filipino-American    Character information  First appearance Welcome to Camelot (1x01)   Last appearance Goodbye to Camelot (6x22)   Portrayed by Anthony Ruivivar    ;  Carlos Nieto : Carlos Nieto is a paramedic with the New York City Fire Department (FDNY) on “Third Watch”. He was portrayed by Anthony Ruivivar and remained on the show for all six seasons. In the Series finale he proposed marriage to Holly Levine and the pair got married. His Field Training Officer, partner and best friend was Monte “Doc” Parker. They worked together from the pilot episode until Doc left after he shot down a Captain who was known for shutting down firehouses. Carlos and Doc saw each other for the last time in the Series finale.
Knowledge1: Andrew James Keeley (born 16 September 1956 in Basildon) is an English former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Sheffield United, Scunthorpe United and represented England at youth level.  Keeley joined Tottenham Hotspur as an apprentice in January 1974. The central defender made his senior debut against Birmingham City on 20 October 1976. Keeley made a total of six appearances in the season of 1976-77 in which the Spurs were relegated. In December 1977 he was granted a free transfer to Sheffield United and went on to feature in 28 fixtures. After leaving Bramall Lane on a free transfer he signed for Scunthorpe United in July 1981 and made a further 77 appearances and scored once from the penalty spot. Andy Keeley  Andrew James Keeley (born 16 September 1956 in Basildon) is an English former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Sheffield United, Scunthorpe United and represented England at youth level. [sep] Knowledge2: Conor Keeley: Keeley signed for fellow League of Ireland First Division side Cabinteely ahead of the 2017 season and on 25 March 2017, he scored his first goal in senior football, in a 4–1 win over Cobh Ramblers.[5] On 26 May 2017, he scored against his old side Shelbourne in a 4–1 win at Tolka Park.[6] The 2019 season saw Keeley help the club to a 4th place playoff, qualifying them for the Promotion Playoffs, in which they defeated Longford Town on penalties in the first stage, which Keeley stated was the best moment of his career up to that point.[7] He signed a new one-year contract with the club in January 2020.[8] He departed the club at the end of the 2020 season, following 81 appearances and 9 goals in all competitions during his 4 seasons with the club.[9]
Knowledge1:  Fernando García (born July 4, 1930 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean composer. Active since 1956 he has done orchestral music, chamber music, etc. He studied with Juan Orrego-Salas and Gustavo Becerra-Schmidt, among others. His style is strongly influenced by serialism and aleatoric procedures. He also played a role in the beginnings of electroacoustic music in Chile, after a trip he made to France in the early 1950s where he heard musique concrete. He worked for the Instituto de Extensión Musical of the University of Chile, and in 1962 he premiered his most important piece, the cantata América Insurrecta, which won an award at the Chilean Music Festival. After the Chilean coup-d'état, he was forced into exile, first in Perú (1973-1979), and then in Cuba (1979-1990). He returned to his country in 1989 and joined the Faculty of Arts of the University of Chile where he taught musicology until 2009. In 2002, he received the National Prize for Musical Arts. [sep] Knowledge2: Fernando Garcia Ponce: "Since his first exhibition, Fernando Garcia Ponce showed that his paintings could be presided over by a sign of rigor. Influenced by cubism, his early works clearly displayed the feeling that had determined the choices of painters before him. Before Braque or Picasso, the memory of Juan Gris. Facing the temptation to include the complete reality of the object in the closed atmosphere of the painting, facing the creative liberty and the will to transform, the painter would choose depersonalization, the search of final purity of which is capable of formal representation. His cubism was, in the most profound sense, analytic."[citation needed]
Knowledge1: William Franklin Switzler (March 16, 1819 – May 24, 1906) was an American lawyer, journalist, publisher, and historian from Columbia, Missouri.  He married Mary Jane Royall (1820-1879) of Columbia, Missouri in 1843, and they had three children.  William F. Switzler was born in Fayette County, Kentucky. In 1826 his family moved to Fayette, Missouri. He studied law under Abiel Leonard and James Sidney Rollins, and practiced it for several years. In 1841 he started editing the Columbia Patriot eventually going into journalism business. He printed the Columbia Statesman; later in his life he edited the Chillicothe Constitution and Missouri Democrat (Boonville, Mo.). During the American Civil War, in 1863, he was appointed a provost marshal for the 9th District of Missouri. He served as a State Representative for Boone County, Missouri and twice, in 1866 and 1888 ran for Congress, unsuccessfully. In 1885 he was appointed Chief of the Bureau of Statistics in Washington, D.C. He published Switzler's illustrated history of Missouri, from 1541 to 1877 in 1879, and in 1882 — a History of Boone County, Missouri. He died in Columbia, Missouri, aged 87. His papers are preserved by the State Historical Society of Missouri.  Switzler Hall on the David R. Francis Quadrangle at the University of Missouri is named after him. William Franklin Switzler  William Franklin Switzler (March 16, 1819 – May 24, 1906) was an American lawyer, journalist, publisher, and historian from Columbia, Missouri. [sep] Knowledge2: William Franklin Switzler: William Franklin Switzler (March 16, 1819 – May 24, 1906) was an American lawyer, journalist, publisher, and historian from Columbia, Missouri. ; William Franklin Switzler: William F. Switzler was born in Fayette County, Kentucky. In 1826 his family moved to Fayette, Missouri. ; William Franklin Switzler: He studied law under Abiel Leonard and James Sidney Rollins, and practiced it for several years. In 1841 he started editing the Columbia Patriot eventually going into journalism business. He printed the Columbia Statesman; later in his life he edited the Chillicothe Constitution and Missouri Democrat (Boonville, Mo.).[1] ; William Franklin Switzler: During the American Civil War, in 1863, he was appointed a provost marshal for the 9th District of Missouri.[2] ; William Franklin Switzler: He served as a State Representative for Boone County, Missouri and twice, in 1866 and 1888 ran for Congress, unsuccessfully. In 1885 he was appointed Chief of the Bureau of Statistics in Washington, D.C.[3]
Knowledge1:  Kárpáti was born in Budapest, and was a member of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1952 tournament. He played five matches and scored four goals. Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won again the gold medal in the 1956 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored at least six goals (not all scorers are known). At the 1960 Games he won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team. He played four matches and scored five goals. His last Olympic tournament was in Tokyo 1964 where he won his third gold medal. He played six matches and scored four goals for the Hungarian team. Kárpáti studied and gained a degree in law, but he never practised it, he also got a degree in coaching in 1964, which he used when he was assistant coach to Dezső Gyarmati for the national team between 1970-80. Their main success was winning the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. In 1982, Kárpáti was elected in to the International Swimming Hall of Fame, and from 1994 he became a member of the Association of Immortal Hungarian Athletes. [sep] Knowledge2: György Kárpáti (film director): György Kárpáti (born 3 July 1933 in Budapest) [1]  is a Hungarian film director whose most celebrated feature film is Nem szoktam hazudni[2] (I Hardly Ever Lie, 1966). Over the last five decades he has directed around 200 films, including documentaries, feature films, short films and commercials. His films have won several awards at major international film festivals, and he has received the Hungarian Programme of the Year award eight times for his television programmes.
Knowledge1: Szymon Kataszek  Szymon Kataszek (1898–1943) (born Boruch Szymon Kataszek), was a Polish-Jewish composer, bandleader, pianist, a pioneer of Polish jazz. Born in Warsaw 1898; studied piano at the Warsaw Music Institute and Rome's St. Cecilia Academy. He returned to Poland and first worked as an organist in St. Trinity Church, while also playing piano in nightclubs. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Szymon Kataszek.jpg: Szymon_Kataszek.jpg ‎(267 × 400 pixels, file size: 9 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Szymon Kataszek.jpg: This work is in the public domain in its country of origin and other countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 70 years or fewer. ; File:Szymon Kataszek.jpg:  You must also include a United States public domain tag to indicate why this work is in the public domain in the United States. Note that a few countries have copyright terms longer than 70 years: Mexico has 100 years, Jamaica has 95 years, Colombia has 80 years, and Guatemala and Samoa have 75 years. This image may not be in the public domain in these countries, which moreover do not implement the rule of the shorter term. Honduras has a general copyright term of 75 years, but it does implement the rule of the shorter term. Copyright may extend on works created by French who died for France in World War II (more information), Russians who served in the Eastern Front of World War II (known as the Great Patriotic War in Russia) and posthumously rehabilitated victims of Soviet repressions (more information). ; File:Szymon Kataszek.jpg: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/mark/1.0/PDMCreative Commons Public Domain Mark 1.0falsefalse ; File:Szymon Kataszek.jpg: Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
Knowledge1:  David Granger commenced his football career in Victoria where he played trial games with St Kilda. David Granger  David Granger may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: David Granger: David Granger may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Mant was born in Purley, Surrey on 11 September 1919. His father George was a solicitor who represented the tenth generation of members of the legal profession in the family. Mant was educated at Denstone College before choosing not to follow in his father's footsteps, and in 1939 joined an undergraduate course at St Mary's Hospital Medical School in London on a rugby exhibition. While studying Mant worked as an ambulance driver and plane spotter, and after graduating in 1943 started work in obstetrics and gynaecology at St Mary's. In January 1944 Mant was called up for service in the British Army, and joined the Royal Army Medical Corps. He worked in military hospitals in France and Germany after crossing the English Channel soon after D-Day in June 1944. [sep] Knowledge2: John Mant: Lieutenant Colonel John Francis Mant OBE (8 February 1897 – 19 November 1985) was an Australian solicitor. ; John Mant: He was born at Darling Point to solicitor William Hall Mant and Frances Gordon, née McCrae, a granddaughter of Georgiana McCrae. His godfather was A. B. Paterson. Mant attended Sydney Grammar School and from 1914 worked in Queensland as a station hand. He enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force on 11 April 1916 and sailed for England in May, attached to the Cyclist Training Battalion. He served in France with the 3rd Divisional Cyclist Company from December 1916 and then with the 1st Infantry Battalion from January 1917. Promoted lieutenant in February 1918 and mentioned in despatches in 1919, he remained in Britain after the war to study law at the University of Edinburgh before returning to Sydney, receiving his Bachelor of Law from the University of Sydney in 1924. His appointment with the AIF was formally terminated on 23 July 1920.[1] ; John Mant: On 30 October 1924, Mant was admitted as a solicitor by the New South Wales Supreme Court and began working for Ellison, Rich & Son. In 1927 he became a partner with Frank A. Davenport & Mant, which established an expertise in insurance and liquor licensing. He married widowed clerk associate Helen Musgrave Dalziel on 29 October 1931 at Darling Point. He returned to active service for World War II on 17 March 1941, first with the Citizen Military Forces and then, from 28 July 1942, as a captain in the AIF. In September 1942 he was promoted major and in October 1943 lieutenant colonel, becoming chief legal officer of the First Australian Army from 1942 to 1943 and of the Second from 1944 to 1945. On 14 February 1946 he was moved to the Reserve of Officers.[1] ; John Mant: Mant was also active politically as a founding member of the Liberal Party of Australia. He was the Liberal candidate for the safe Labor seats of West Sydney in 1946 and East Sydney in 1949 and served as chair of the Vaucluse branch of the party from 1950 to 1976. He was also chairman of the Wentworth Boy Scouts' Association from 1953 to 1973 and a founder of the Australian Outward Bound Memorial Foundation. A lifelong sportsman, he had done well at rowing at school and university and was a long-standing member of the Royal Sydney Golf Club, the Palm Beach Surf Life Saving Club and the Kosciusko Alpine Club; he and his wife swam every morning into their eighties.[1] ; John Mant: Mant was a delegate to Commonwealth law conferences in London in 1955 and Ottawa in 1960 and was a founder of the Australian branch of the Commercial Law Association in 1965. He retired in 1984 after sixty years of legal practice, having been appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1978. He died at Vaucluse in 1985, survived by his wife, their daughter and son, and his stepson.[1]
Knowledge1: Andrea Magi (born 14 July 1966 in Pesaro, Pesaro e Urbino) is a former amateur boxer from Italy. He is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1987 European Championships in Turin, Italy in the Men's Light Heavyweight (&ndash; 81 kg) division. He represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Andrea Magi  Andrea Magi (born 14 July 1966 in Pesaro, Pesaro e Urbino) is a former amateur boxer from Italy. He is best known for winning the bronze medal at the 1987 European Championships in Turin, Italy in the Men's Light Heavyweight (– 81 kg) division. He represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. [sep] Knowledge2: Andrea Gritti: At the same time, Gritti was quick to realize the importance of the burgeoning, spontaneous peasant resistance against the Imperial forces, which quickly widened into acts of guerrilla warfare. His own capture of Padua was assisted by armed peasants, and on 23 July he urged the Signoria of Venice to embrace this movement as part of a broader strategy to turn the tide of the war. As a result, the Venetian government promised the peasants suspension of all taxes and the cancellation of debts.[1]
Knowledge1: Shagari Mohammed  Shehu Mohammed Shagari (born 29 November 1990 in Kano) is a Nigerian footballer who is currently playing in the Nigerian Premier League for Kano Pillars F.C. [sep] Knowledge2: Shagari Mohammed: Shehu Mohammed Shagari (born 29 November 1990[2] in Kano) is a Nigerian footballer who is currently playing in the Nigerian Premier League for Kano Pillars F.C. ; Shagari Mohammed: Shehu began 2004 his career with the second team of  Kano Pillars F.C. The left Midfielder[3] was promoted to the first team in 2008. ; Shagari Mohammed: Shagari is member of the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup squad.[4] He was a reserve player in the first game on 25 September against Venezuela[5] and was with the team in the August 2009 Training Camp in Spain.[6]
Knowledge1: Frederick Mackenzie (painter)  Frederick Mackenzie (c.1788–1854) was a British watercolourist and architectural draughtsman. [sep] Knowledge2: Frederick Mackenzie: Frederick Mackenzie may refer to: ; Frederick Mackenzie (painter):  Frederick Mackenzie (c.1788–1854) was a British watercolourist and architectural draughtsman. ; Frederick Mackenzie (painter): Born in 1787 or 1788, he was the son of Thomas Mackenzie, linendraper, and a pupil of John Adey Repton the architect. He was employed in making architectural and topographical drawings for the works of John Britton and others, and this set the direction for his career.[1] His style was quite close to that of Auguste Pugin, with whom he worked; and they were both under the influence of John Nash.[2] ; Frederick Mackenzie (painter): In 1804 Mackenzie began to exhibit at the Royal Academy, and contributed eleven drawings between that year and 1828. He contributed to the Society of Painters in Water-colours from 1813, becoming an associate in 1822, and a full member the following year. From 30 November 1831 till his death he was treasurer to the society.[1] In later life Mackenzie was no longer commissioned to illustrate books. ; Frederick Mackenzie (painter): He died on 25 April 1854, of disease of the heart and was buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.[1] His grave (no.1007) no longer has a headstone or any memorial.  His remaining works were sold at Sotheby's in March 1855.[2]
Knowledge1: Gyula Czimra (3 January 1901 – 16 July 1966) was a Hungarian painter, with works in the collection of Hungarian National Gallery, the Tornyai Museum of Hódmezővásárhely, the Rákospalota Museum and the Kiscell Museum. Gyula Czimra  Gyula Czimra (3 January 1901 – 16 July 1966) was a Hungarian painter, with works in the collection of Hungarian National Gallery, the Tornyai Museum of Hódmezővásárhely, the Rákospalota Museum and the Kiscell Museum. [sep] Knowledge2: Gyula Czimra: Gyula Czimra (3 January 1901 – 16 July 1966) was a Hungarian painter, with works in the collection of Hungarian National Gallery, the  Tornyai Museum of Hódmezővásárhely, the Rákospalota Museum and the Kiscell Museum.[1] ; Gyula Czimra: This article about a Hungarian painter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Gyula Kosice: The meaning of the group has been called into question many times, but Kosice claimed that the word "Madí" was made-up by the group and carried no meaning whatsoever. The main concern of this group was to reach out beyond the art community and to encourage people in all creative disciplines (such as dancers, architects, and actors) to carry the "Madí spirit".[8] They did this by including articles in their published journals on poems written by others, general art theories, reports on musical events, photos of other exhibitions, and a "Madí Dictionary". ; Category:Gyula Czimra: Czimra Gyula (Budapest, 1901 - Budapest, 1966) magyar festőművész, 1933-tól Rákoshegyen élt. ; Category:Gyula Czimra: This category has only the following subcategory.
Knowledge1: Catherine Thysmans alias Tishem (died after 1577) was an erudite woman from Antwerp who educated her son, the celebrated scholar Jan Gruter, while in exile in England. She was the one woman in England under the bourgeoisie to be known as a classical scholar. The principal source for Catherine Tishem's life is a worshipful tribute to her son, Jan Gruter, written by one of his pupils, Balthasar Venator. According to Venator, Tishem was a remarkably erudite woman, fluent in Latin, Greek, French, Italian, and English and able to read Galen's original text. In 1558 in Antwerp, Tishem married a widowed and wealthy merchant and juror, Wouter Gruter (also "Walterus", "de Gruytere", etc.),   from Breda. They had four children, Jan being born in December 1560. Her husband co-signed the Compromise of Nobles in 1566, and to flee prosecution in the Spanish Netherlands, they moved to the Dutch Calvinist exile community of Norwich. Some biographies of Jan Gruter claim that Tishem was originally from Norwich herself, though Thijsmans/Thysmans was a regular Flemish patronymic. When their son enrolled at the new Leiden University in Holland in 1578/1579, Catherine and Wouter returned to Antwerp, but the Siege of Antwerp in 1584 made them flee again, this time to Lübeck and then Gdańsk. Wouter Gruter died in Gdańsk in 1588, and, according to Peter Fuchs, Catherine died in 1595.  She was born as Catherine Uhlmyer in Manhattan, New York on April 4, 1893. Her father died before she was a year old, and her mother, Veronica, married John Gallagher. On June 15, 1904 when she was 11 years old, she was one of the passengers aboard the General Slocum when it caught fire on the East River in New York City. She remembered a boy shouting "fire" while a brass band was playing on the deck of the ship to entertain the travelers. She recounted the images of mothers and children with their clothing on fire drowning in the rough waters of Hell Gate. Others were killed as they were drawn into the blades of the paddlewheel. The total death count was 1,021 of the 1,331 passengers who were on a Sunday school outing, and among the victims were  Catherine Tishem  Catherine Thysmans alias Tishem (died 1595) was an erudite woman from Antwerp who educated her son, the celebrated scholar Jan Gruter, while in exile in England. She was the one woman in England under the bourgeoisie to be known as a classical scholar.  The principal source for Catherine Tishem's life is a worshipful tribute to her son, Jan Gruter, written by one of his pupils, Balthasar Venator. According to Venator, Tishem was a remarkably erudite woman, fluent in Latin, Greek, French, Italian, and English and able to read Galen's original text.  In 1558 in Antwerp, Tishem married a widowed and wealthy merchant and juror, Wouter Gruter (also "Walterus", "de Gruytere", etc.), originally from Breda. They had four children, Jan being born in December 1560. though Thijsmans/Thysmans was a regular Flemish patronymic. When their son enrolled at the new Leiden University in Holland in 1578/1579, Catherine and Wouter returned to Antwerp, but the Siege of Antwerp in 1584 made them flee again, this time to Lübeck and then Gdańsk.<ref name=bodl/> Wouter Gruter died in Gdańsk in 1588,<ref name=bodl/> and, according to Peter Fuchs, Catherine died in 1595.<ref name=pf/> [sep] Knowledge2: Catherine the Great: In her accession to power and her rule of the empire, Catherine often relied on her noble favourites, most notably Count Grigory Orlov and Grigory Potemkin. Assisted by highly successful generals such as Alexander Suvorov and Pyotr Rumyantsev, and admirals such as Samuel Greig and Fyodor Ushakov, she governed at a time when the Russian Empire was expanding rapidly by conquest and diplomacy. In the south, the Crimean Khanate was annexed following victories over the Bar Confederation and the Ottoman Empire in the Russo-Turkish War. With the support of Great Britain, Russia colonised the territories of New Russia along the coasts of the Black and Azov Seas. In the west, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth—ruled by Catherine's former lover, King Stanisław August Poniatowski—was eventually partitioned, with the Russian Empire gaining the largest share. In the east, Russians became the first Europeans to colonise Alaska, establishing Russian America. ; Catherine the Great: The Manifesto on Freedom of the Nobility, issued during the short reign of Peter III and confirmed by Catherine, freed Russian nobles from compulsory military or state service. The construction of many mansions of the nobility, in the classical style endorsed by the empress, changed the face of the country. She is often included in the ranks of the enlightened despots.[d] As a patron of the arts, she presided over the age of the Russian Enlightenment, including the establishment of the Smolny Institute of Noble Maidens, the first state-financed higher education institution for women in Europe. ; Catherine the Great: The bridegroom, then known as Peter von Holstein-Gottorp, had become Duke of Holstein-Gottorp (located in the north-west of present-day[update] Germany near the border with Denmark) in 1739. The newlyweds settled in the palace of Oranienbaum, which remained the residence of the "young court" for many years. From there, they governed the duchy (which occupied less than a third of the current German state of Schleswig-Holstein, even including that part of Schleswig occupied by Denmark) to obtain experience to govern Russia. ; Catherine the Great: After this, Catherine carried on sexual liaisons over the years with many men, including Stanislaus Augustus Poniatowski, Grigory Grigoryevich Orlov (1734–1783), Alexander Vasilchikov, Grigory Potemkin, Ivan Rimsky-Korsakov and others.[16] She became friends with Princess Ekaterina Vorontsova-Dashkova, the sister of her husband's official mistress. In Dashkov's opinion, Dashkov introduced Catherine to several powerful political groups that opposed her husband; however, Catherine had been involved in military schemes against Elizabeth with the likely goal of subsequently getting rid of Peter III since at least 1749. ; Catherine the Great: Peter supported Frederick II, eroding much of his support among the nobility. Peter ceased Russian operations against Prussia, and Frederick suggested the partition of Polish territories with Russia. Peter also intervened in a dispute between his Duchy of Holstein and Denmark over the province of Schleswig (see Count Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff). As Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, Peter planned war against Denmark, Russia's traditional ally against Sweden.
Knowledge1: Jiří Vyčichlo (born 17 May 1946) is a retired Czechoslovak triple jumper. He was born in Prague and represented the club Dukla Praha. He finished seventh at the 1974 European Championships, ninth at the 1975 European Indoor Championships, and ninth at the 1976 Olympic Games. He became Czechoslovak champion in 1968, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1976, 1977 and 1978; and Czechoslovak indoor champion in 1974, 1975 and 1978. His personal best jump was 16.87 metres, achieved in May 1976 in Prague. [sep] Knowledge2: Jiří Vyčichlo: Jiří Vyčichlo (* 17. května 1946, Praha) je bývalý československý atlet, specialista na trojskok.
Knowledge1: Antonio Menchaca  José Antonio Menchaca (January 1800 – November 1, 1879) was an American soldier and politician who fought in the Texas Revolution and was recognized by a Joint Resolution of the Republic of Texas on December 22, 1838. Following the war, Menchaca served on the city council of San Antonio, Texas. He later commanded militia troops and helped defend the town from a Mexican invasion by General Adrian Woll in 1842. [sep] Knowledge2: Javier Hernández: Prior to the start of the season, he was given the number 9 shirt.[138] Hernández scored his first goal of the 2019–20 Premier League season on 17 August 2019 as West Ham drew 1–1 with Brighton at Falmer Stadium.[139] On 30 August, Hernández handed in a transfer request to West Ham and flew to Spain to complete a medical ahead of a proposed €8 million move to Sevilla.[140]
Knowledge1: Gerd Ludwig (birth name Gerhard Erich Ludwig, born March 17, 1947 in Alsfeld, Hesse, Germany) is a German-American documentary photographer and photojournalist. Gerhard Ludwig  Gerhard Ludwig (1909–1994) was a German bookseller.  Born into a very poor working-class family in Berlin, his mother worked in an ammunitions factory, and his father was a beer deliverer and an alcoholic. During the Third Reich he worked for the Frankfurter Zeitung, a newspaper which sheltered non-conformist writers. He was imprisoned in Sachsenhausen between 1941 and 1945, for writing a cheeky post-card about pompous Nazi references to Frederick the Great. He was liberated by the Red Army on April 22, 1945, by which time he had developed severe tuberculosis. In 1946, he received a credit and took over the bookshop in Cologne main station. Between 1950 and 1956, he illegally used the third-class waiting hall in Cologne main station for political and cultural discussion events ("Mittwochgespräche"), which were important for German education in democracy. Well known public figures had to face a crowd and answer questions they would not know beforehand - something completely unknown in Germany before. The events stopped when Cologne main station was re-designed after 1956.  Among the invited guests were and all members of Chancellor Konrad Adenauer's cabinet, with the sole exception of Adenauer himself.  He created the first shop for paperbacks. His shops were leased from the German Railway Authority (Deutsche Bundesbahn), and while he succeeded in cheating on the lease rates for many years, he was eventually found out and - under pressure from creditors - had to sell his shops in 1988. [sep] Knowledge2: Gerd Ludwig: Major awards include the 2006[4] Lucie Award for International Photographer of the Year, the 2014 Dr. Erich Salomon Award (Dr. Erich Salomon Preis), dedicated to Erich Salomon, a lifetime achievement award for photojournalists given by the German Society for Photography (DGPh), and the Missouri Honor Medal for Distinguished Service in Journalism[5] from the Missouri School of Journalism in 2015.  ; Gerhard Ludwig Müller: As a personal friend of Pope Benedict XVI, he was mandated to prepare the publication of the Opera Omnia, i.e., a series of books that will collect in a single edition all of Pope Benedict's writings.[6] Müller has written more than 400 works on dogmatic theology, ecumenism, revelation, hermeneutics, the presbytery, and the diaconate.[7] ; Gerhard Ludwig Müller: On 2 July 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Müller to a five-year term as the Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and made him an archbishop as well.[8] He became ex officio the President of the Pontifical Biblical Commission, the International Theological Commission, and the Pontifical Commission Ecclesia Dei.[9] ; Gerhard Ludwig Müller: On 24 November 2012 he was appointed a member of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts.[12] In November 2012, Müller said that traditionalist and progressive camps that see the Second Vatican Council as breaking with the truth both espouse a "heretical interpretation" of the council and its objectives. What Pope Benedict XVI had described as "the hermeneutic of reform, of renewal in continuity" is, for Müller, the "only possible interpretation according to the principles of Catholic theology."[13] ; Gerhard Ludwig Müller: On 1 July 2017, Pope Francis named Luis Ladaria Ferrer to succeed Müller as Cardinal-Prefect of the CDF.[18][19] Müller chose to retire rather than accept another Curial position.[20][21]
Knowledge1: Patrice Lumumba  Patrice Émery Lumumba (; 2 July 1925 – 17 January 1961) was a Congolese politician and independence leader who served as the first prime minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (then known as the Republic of the Congo) from June until September 1960. He was the first democratically elected leader of an African nation. A member of the Congolese National Movement (MNC), he led the MNC from 1958 until his execution in January 1961. Ideologically an African nationalist and pan-Africanist, he played a significant role in the transformation of the Congo from a colony of Belgium into an independent republic.  Shortly after Congolese independence in 1960, a mutiny broke out in the army, marking the beginning of the Congo Crisis. Lumumba appealed to the United States and the United Nations for help to suppress the Belgian-supported Katangan secessionists led by Moïse Tshombe. Both refused, due to suspicions among the Western world that Lumumba secretly held pro-communist views. These suspicions deepened when Lumumba turned to the Soviet Union for assistance, which the CIA described as a "classic communist takeover". This led to growing differences with President Joseph Kasa-Vubu and chief-of-staff Joseph-Désiré Mobutu, as well as with the United States and Belgium, who opposed the Soviet Union in the Cold War.  After Mobutu's military coup, Lumumba attempted to escape to Stanleyville to join his supporters who had established a new anti-Mobutu rival state called the Free Republic of the Congo. Lumumba was captured and imprisoned en route by state authorities under Mobutu. He was handed over to Katangan authorities, and executed in the presence of Katangan and Belgian officials and officers. His body was thrown into a shallow grave, but later dug up and destroyed. Following his execution, he was widely seen as a martyr for the wider pan-African movement. Over the years, inquiries have shed light on the events surrounding Lumumba's death and, in particular, on the roles played by Belgium and the United States. In 2022, a gold-capped tooth, all that remained of his body, was repatriated to the Democratic Republic of the Congo by Belgium. [sep] Knowledge2: Behboud Shahtahtinsky: Behboud Shahtahtinsky (Azerbaijani: Behbud ağa Şahtaxtinski) (1881, in Şahtaxtı, Nakhichevan uezd, Erivan Governorate, Russian Empire – 30 May 1924 in Tiflis, USSR) was Azerbaijani statesman and politician, diplomat; Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Representative of the Azerbaijan SSR in the RSFSR, People's Commissar of Justice and the Workers' and Peasants' Inspectorate of the Azerbaijan SSR.[1]
Knowledge1: Farman Behboud  Farman Behboud (; 1946 – March 2010) was an Iranian pianist and piano teacher.  He was born in Tehran and studied the piano at the Tehran Conservatory of Music under Emanuel Melik-Aslanian and Ophelia Kombadjian.  Behboud gave several recitals and concerts with the NIRT Chamber Orchestra. He was also the pianist of the Persian Ballets Organization in Tehran.  Behboud used to teach at the Tehran Conservatory. Since the 1979 Iranian revolution he has preferred to teach private classes.  In recent years Behboud has held some recitals for his students in Tehran. Classical pianist, composer, and Ney player Rasool Akbari, renowned Canadian composer, conductor and strategist Joseph Lerner and Peyman Yazdanian were Farman Behboud's students. [sep] Knowledge2: Francisco María Oreamuno Bonilla: En abril de 1845, el poder legislativo lo suspendió en el cargo, declaró que había lugar a formación de causa en su contra y dispuso que se le abriese proceso penal por abandono del poder, pero continuó siendo el jefe de Estado titular hasta el 7 de junio de 1846, fecha en que un golpe militar rompió el orden constitucional.
Knowledge1:  Bonilla's  parents were Adelaida Ruano Marroquín and José María Bonilla Carrillo. He completed his early studies in his native Jalapa. Before he turned seventeen, Bonilla received his teacher-training certificate from the Central Normal School of Professors. Immediately after, he graduated with a bachelor's degree in science and letters from the National Central Institute of men. As Bonilla continued his studies for his bachelor's degree, he was in charge of the direction of the preparatory school annexed to the Institute- making him a secondary school professor for many years. In the Public Education branch, Bonilla was also the head of Normal, Secondary, and Special Education, a professor at the National University (summer courses), and member of the Departmental Board and the Advisory Committee. On 24 October 1930, the Real Academy of Madrid awarded Bonilla his diploma in the class of Foreign Correspondence in Guatemala. Later on, the members of the Guatemalan Academy unanimously voted him in as Censor of said academy. [sep] Knowledge2: Martin Short: In June 1973, with Godspell winding down and Chicago's Second City improv comedy theatre starting up a sister company in Toronto, many of Short's Godspell peers (his girlfriend Radner, in addition to Levy, Eastwood, and Salsberg) as well as the rest of his social circle (Valri Bromfield and Dan Aykroyd) successfully joined the new troupe's first cast.[11] Short, on the other hand, resisted auditioning due to feeling a "phobia of being funny on demand" and considering himself a "traditional song-and-dance performer".[11]
Knowledge1: Martin Simonson  Martin Simonson is a Swedish scholar, novelist, and translator, specialized in fantasy literature and science fiction. He teaches at the University of the Basque Country in Spain, and is mainly known for being the Spanish translator of some of the works of J.R.R. Tolkien.  Simonson, who was born in Göteborg, Sweden, in 1973, holds a Ph.D. in English literature (March 2006). Before moving to Spain, he studied psychology, anthropology and creative writing at the University of Göteborg and Fridhems Folkhögskola. He is the author of various novels, among others "The Wind of the Wild Lands", the first part of the saga "The Faceless Keeper", which takes place in a parallel world and explores themes of identity, personal relationships, the power of nature and spirituality. He has written and edited a number of books on fantasy, science fiction, Western American literature and Gothic horror, and he has translated novels, plays, and graphic novels from English, Swedish and Norwegian into Spanish. Simonson has also published various books and articles on the works of J.R.R. Tolkien and on the representation of nature in fantasy literature, most recently "From East to West: The Portrayal of Nature in British Fantasy and its Projection in Ursula K. Le Guin's Western American "Earthsea"", published in 2021. [sep] Knowledge2: Mimoun Ouled Radi: Summarize this article for a 10 year old
Knowledge1: Mimoun Ouled Radi (born 5 June 1977) is a Dutch actor. He was born into a Moroccan family of seven in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He is best known for his role as 'Rachid Boussabon' in the Hush Hush Baby series. Mimoun Ouled Radi  Mimoun Ouled Radi (born 5 June 1977) is a Dutch actor. He was born into a Moroccan family of seven in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He is best known for his role as 'Rachid Boussabon' in the "Hush Hush Baby" series. [sep] Knowledge2: Anthony Gale: Increasing rank brought other difficulties.[14] In 1815, while commanding at Philadelphia, he fell out with Commandant Franklin Wharton over construction of barracks. Wharton had been accused of overspending on the project, and he in turn charged Gale with building extravagant officers' quarters. Gale asserted that he had been given no specific plans and that Wharton had known what was being done. A court of inquiry cleared Gale, but he was banished to a less desirable post in New Orleans, where he allegedly nursed a feeling of persecution and began to drink heavily.[17] ; Anthony Gale: Brevet Major Gale, although next senior at the time of Wharton's death on September 1, 1818, had to battle for the job. At the time, the Corps was authorized only one lieutenant colonel and two majors. One could only rise in rank by virtue of the death or removal of a superior officer.[18] When Wharton died, a scramble for the Commandant's job ensued.[19] ; Anthony Gale: Shortly after Gale assumed his post, Archibald Henderson circumvented Gale and wrote directly to Navy Secretary Smith Thompson requesting to join General Andrew Jackson who was serving as military governor in Florida.[23] Soon came more direct troubles with Smith Thompson, who frequently countermanded Gale's orders.[15]  Finally, on August 8, 1820, Gale submitted a letter analyzing the proper division of function between himself and the Secretary, pointing out the impossibility of his position. It was also alleged that he began to drink heavily at this time.[14] Eight days after his letter, Gale was notified that the Secretary had unilaterally granted a four-week leave to one Marine captain and had suspended Gale's order sending another captain to the Mediterranean. Two weeks after that, on August 29, Gale was arrested and ordered to face court-martial.[24] ; Anthony Gale: Gale's court-martial was marked by further irregularities. Major Miller, one of Gale's rivals for the post of Commandant, despite having written the charges against Gale, was nonetheless appointed the prosecutor.[27] Furthermore, Lieutenant Desha, a witness against Gale on the second charge, was appointed a supernumerary (or extra member) of the court, and was called to sit on the court in judgment of Gale when regular court members failed to appear. Desha objected to serving on the court under the circumstances, but the court overruled his objection on the grounds that Desha, not Gale, had objected.[28] The court found Gale guilty,  President James Monroe approved the verdict, and Gale was removed from office and dismissed from the Marine Corps on October 18, 1820.[29] ; Tony Gale: After progressing through the youth ranks of Fulham, Gale was promoted to the first team ahead of the 1977–78 season. Making his debut for the first team aged 16 in the Anglo-Scottish Cup against Orient, he was drafted in to the senior squad to replace World Cup winning Bobby Moore following his retirement from English football. Recording 38 league appearances and eight goals in his inaugural season, Gale cemented his place in the squad during their time in the Second Division.
Knowledge1: Anthony Gale  Anthony Gale was the fourth Commandant of the United States Marine Corps and the only one ever fired. Fewer records survive concerning him than any other commandant.<ref name=GroupedRef1/> He is the only commandant for whom the Marines neither know his burial location nor have a portrait or likeness. [sep] Knowledge2: Takeru Satoh: In 2014, Satoh played the role of a rookie detective in Fuji TV's Bitter Blood.[16] He reprised the role of Himura Kenshin in two sequel films of Rurouni Kenshin live action franchise, Kyoto Inferno and The Legend Ends, both of which were released in 2014.[17][18] Rurouni Kenshin manga author Nobuhiro Watsuki praised Satoh's performance and called him the ideal actor to portray Kenshin.[19] He, alongside Rurouni Kenshin co-stars Emi Takei, Munetaka Aoki, and director Keishi Ōtomo, was appointed as "Cultural Friendship Ambassador" to the Philippines by the Makati City council on 7 August 2014.[20]
Knowledge1:  Shinji Hamazaki (浜崎 真二, 10 December 1901 – May 6, 1981) was a former Japanese baseball player and manager. Thought short in stature, Hamazaki was well known for his forceful personality. He is a member of the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame. Hamazaki attended Hiroshima Shogyo High School and Keio University. Hamazaki was signed at age 45 by the Hankyu Braves in 1947 prior to the draft, having previously played for the Chinese mainland Industrial League Mantetsu Club. He began as a player-manager for the Braves. In 1950, at age 48 years, 4 months, Hamazki became the oldest Japanese pitcher to win a professional game. That record stood until September 5, 2014, when Masahiro Yamamoto, aged 49 years, 25 days, defeated the Hanshin Tigers. Finally retiring as a player in 1950, Hamazaki continued managing the Braves through 1953. He later managed the Takahashi/Tombo Unions and the Kokutetsu Swallows. His career managing record was 535-639, a .456 winning percentage. Shinji Hamazaki  Shinji Hamazaki (浜崎 真二, 10 December 1901 – May 6, 1981) was a former Japanese baseball player and manager. Thought short in stature, Hamazaki was well known for his forceful personality. He is a member of the Japanese Baseball Hall of Fame.  Hamazaki attended Hiroshima Shogyo High School and Keio University.<ref name=HOF />  Hamazaki was signed at age 45 by the Hankyu Braves in 1947 prior to the draft, having previously played for the Chinese mainland Industrial League Mantetsu Club. He began as a player-manager for the Braves.  In 1950, at age 48 years, 4 months, Hamazki became the oldest Japanese pitcher to win a professional game. That record stood until September 5, 2014, when Masahiro Yamamoto, aged 49 years, 25 days, defeated the Hanshin Tigers.  Finally retiring as a player in 1950, Hamazaki continued managing the Braves through 1953. He later managed the Takahashi/Tombo Unions and the Kokutetsu Swallows. His career managing record was 535-639, a .456 winning percentage. [sep] Knowledge2:  Henry Soames (1723 - 1793) : Thank you to  Kat Hunt for creating WikiTree profile Soames-18 through the import of Sargeant Family Tree 2.ged on May 5, 2013. Click to the Changes page for the details of edits by Kat and others.
Knowledge1: Henry Soames  Henry Soames (18 January 1843 — 30 August 1913) was an English first-class cricketer and British Army officer. [sep] Knowledge2: Karl Bartholomaeus Heller: Karl Bartholomaeus[1] Heller  (20 November 1824 – 14 December 1880) was an Austrian botanist and naturalist who explored Mexico in 1845–48 and published his memoir.[2] In the latter year Johann Jakob Heckel published the livebearing freshwater Green swordtail (Xiphophorus helleri), since the early 20th century a common aquarium fish, from specimens Heller deposited in Vienna. Born in Moravia, Heller was a professor at the Theresianum in Vienna. Among Heller's later works is his defense of Darwinism, Darwin und der Darwinismus,  1869.
Knowledge1:  Karl Borromaeus Maria Josef Heller (21 March 1864, Rappoltenkirchen, Tulln (district) – 25 December 1945, Dresden), was an Austrian entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera. He was a Professor and Section leader in the Staatliches Museum für Tierkunde Dresden where his collection is maintained. Heller was a taxonomist. He described many new species of world fauna. He was a Member of the Stettin Entomological Society. Karl Bartholomaeus Heller  Karl Bartholomaeus Heller (20 November 1824 – 14 December 1880) was an Austrian botanist and naturalist who explored Mexico in 1845–48 and published his memoir. In the latter year Johann Jakob Heckel published the livebearing freshwater Green swordtail ("Xiphophorus helleri"), since the early 20th century a common aquarium fish, from specimens Heller deposited in Vienna. Born in Moravia, Heller was a professor at the Theresianum in Vienna. Among Heller's later works is his defense of Darwinism, "Darwin und der Darwinismus", 1869. [sep] Knowledge2: Francis Suarez: A super PAC backing Suarez, the SOS America PAC, complained that Suarez was being excluded from polls saying that the zero and one percent that he was polling at was not reflective of his true popularity.[78] Suarez himself argued that the polling requirement was unfair for "relatively unknown" figures such as himself who are competing against candidates who have been national figures for years.[79]
Knowledge1:  Suárez was born in Salto, Uruguay to Sandra Diaz and Rodolfo Suárez, the fourth of seven boys. His older brother, Paolo Suárez, is a retired professional footballer, who last played for Isidro Metapán in El Salvador. Suárez moved with his family to Montevideo when he was seven, and his parents separated when he was nine. In Montevideo, he developed his football skills on the streets, while also taking up work as a street sweeper at the age of 15. The contrast between his life in Europe and the poverty he left behind has been cited as contributing to his periodic aggression on the field, as well as being a possible explanation for the more [sep] Knowledge2: Anatoly Nikolayevich Davidovich: Anatoly Nikolayevich Davidovich (Azerbaijani: Anatо́li Nikolа́yeviç Davidо́viç, Belarusian: Анато́ль Мікала́евіч Давідо́віч; 28 March 1965, Kapyl, Minsk, Belarusian SSR – 13 June 1992, Baku, Azerbaijan) was a National Hero of Azerbaijan and warrior during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War.[1]
Knowledge1:  Anatoli Georgievich Vitushkin was born on 25 June 1931 in Moscow. He was blind. [sep] Knowledge2: Bologna: L'Aquila, AbruzzoAosta, Aosta ValleyBari, ApuliaPotenza, Basilicata
Knowledge1: Domenico Bologna (born in Turin August 22, 1845 – 1885) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes with figures. He trained under professors Antonio Fontanesi and Francesco Gamba in Accademia Albertina. Among his works are: Dopo Vespro, exhibited in 1875 at Milan; Tramonto, exhibited in 1881 at Milan; Il Tanaro, bought by the Società promotrice of Fine Arts in Genoa; Le sponde del Po at Turin, sold in 1878 at St Petersburg, Russia, Le sponde del Tanaro; Inverno ; Pascolo; and Tramonto, exhibited in 1883 at Rome. Domenico Bologna  Domenico Bologna (born in Turin August 22, 1845 – 1885) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes with figures.  He trained under professors Antonio Fontanesi and Francesco Gamba in Accademia Albertina. Among his works are: "Dopo Vespro", exhibited in 1875 at Milan; "Tramonto", exhibited in 1881 at Milan; "Il Tanaro", bought by the Società promotrice of Fine Arts in Genoa; "Le sponde del Po" at Turin, sold in 1878 at St Petersburg, Russia, "Le sponde del Tanaro"; "Inverno" ; "Pascolo"; and "Tramonto", exhibited in 1883 at Rome. [sep] Knowledge2: F. Matthias Alexander: Pirow was expert at persistent cross-questioning, throwing leading questions at all Alexander's witnesses. Pirow asked Dr. Barlow: "Do you seriously contend, in the matter of conscious control, that anyone following fully its principles would become entirely disease free?"  Barlow: "No-one suggests that man will become immortal."  "Let us leave immortality out of it, and get down to fundamentals. Are you, as a trained medical man, prepared to accept as a reasonable possibility the suggestion that by the carrying out of the exercises of psycho-physical guidance by way of conscious control, one can get complete immunity against disease?"  – "It might be possible...animals living in a wild state when they come to the end of their days do not suffer from many of the prevalent diseases."  "So that by following the technique man would become like an animal or buffalo?" – "I am merely giving you my impression about the diseases which affect animals."  "Do you seriously suggest that, as a result of psycho-physical guidance under conscious control, resistance to infectious disease might be better?" – "Well, yes."  And Barlow said it was from his own medical experience.  Pirow asked what conscious control was, about inhibition and their effects, to which Barlow was able to give confident answers.
Knowledge1: Alexandros Matsas  Alexandros A. Mátsas (, 1911 – 1969) was a Greek poet and ambassador of Greece. He was born in Athens, Greece. After following courses on political science and classical studies at Oxford University, he entered the Greek diplomatic service in 1934. He served in various posts in Egypt, Paris, The Hague, and Rome, and was Royal Greek Ambassador to Turkey and the United States of America.  He published several books of poetry (the first written in French) and three poetical dramas on ancient themes, of which two ("Clytemnestra" and "Croesus") were produced by the Royal Theater of Athens in 1957 and 1963 respectively. [sep] Knowledge2: Ichiro Suzuki: The New York Times criticized his inability to improve his power when his Mariner teams were often low-scoring while noting that he also did not steal bases as frequently as Rickey Henderson or Tim Raines.[156] Suzuki, however, once commented, "If I'm allowed to hit .220, I could probably hit 40 [home runs], but nobody wants that."[69]
Knowledge1: Kazuhiro Suzuki [sep] Knowledge2: Gösta Eriksson: In the 1956 Summer Olympics, held in Melbourne, Australia and Stockholm, Sweden, he won a silver medal in the coxed four and finished fourth in the eight competition.[2] Four years later, at the 1960 Summer Olympics, held in Rome, Italy, he and his partner Lennart Hansson were eliminated in the repechage of the coxed pair event and in the first round of the coxless pair competition.[3][4][5]
Knowledge1:  Gösta Lars August Knutsson (original surname Johansson; 12 October 1908, in Stockholm – 4 April 1973) was a Swedish radio producer and writer of a popular series of children's books about the cat Pelle Svanslös. Gösta Knutsson was born in a middle-class family in Stockholm and came to the University of Uppsala as a student, remaining in Uppsala for the rest of his life. After completing an M.A. degree, he was curator (chairman) of the Stockholm Nation and later chairman of the Uppsala Student Union (1936–1938). He was also editor of the student union paper Ergo 1940–42. During his time as [sep] Knowledge2: Rob Lukachyk: His net worth has been growing significantly in 2022-2023. So, how much is Rob Lukachyk worth at the age of 55 years old? Rob Lukachyk’s income source is mostly from being a successful . He is from NJ. We have estimated Rob Lukachyk's net worth , money, salary, income, and assets.
Knowledge1: Robert James Lukachyk (born July 24, 1968 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former American professional baseball player. Lukachyk played briefly for the Montreal Expos of the Major League Baseball (MLB) during their 1996 season.  Lukachyk was selected by the Chicago White Sox in the 10th round of the 1987 MLB Draft out of Brookdale Community College in New Jersey. After that, he signed as a free agent with the Baltimore Orioles (1993) and Detroit Tigers (1994) before joining the Expos organization. Originally a corner infielder and outfielder in the minors, Lukachyk made two appearances as a pinch-hitter for Montreal and went hitless in two at bats. In between, Lukachyk played winter ball with the Pastora de Occidente club of the Venezuelan League in the 1996–97 season. Lukachyk eventually moved on to play for the Somerset Patriots of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. After his playing days were over, he moved on to work in their front office. In a 12-season minor league career, he posted a .267 batting average with 104 home runs and 586 runs batted in in 1,185 games. Rob Lukachyk  Robert James Lukachyk (born July 24, 1968 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former American professional baseball player. Lukachyk played briefly for the Montreal Expos of the Major League Baseball (MLB) during their 1996 season. [sep] Knowledge2: Pierre-Yves Borgeaud: Interface: cartography 3. Short feature film with the dance company [1], Lausanne. Nominated for Swiss Film Prize in 2004 (2003). ; Pierre-Yves Borgeaud: Music Hotel. Some musicians associated to the ECM label are working together during a very special festival in Germany. With Manfred Eicher, Tomasz Stanko, John Surman, Dino Saluzzi (1998). ; Pierre-Yves Borgeaud: Miles post mortem. A short documentary about producer Bill Laswell (re)mixing the original tapes of Miles Davis. Broadcast on the European channel Arte (1998). ; Pierre-Yves Borgeaud: The white space of Mumbai. Music and video performance with Don Li, Sujay Bobade, Norbert Pfammater and Wolfgang Zwiauer (2010). ; Pierre-Yves Borgeaud: Le Module. An art installation presenting the images of medically assisted procreation (2009).
Knowledge1: Pierre-Antoine-Augustin de Piis  Pierre-Antoine-Augustin (17 September 1755, Paris22 May 1832, Paris), chevalier de Piis was a French dramatist and man of letters. With Pierre-Yves Barré he was one of the co-founders of Paris's Théâtre du Vaudeville.  He was the son of Pierre-Joseph de Piis, chevalier de Saint-Louis and major to the Cap Français, and as such was intended for service in France's colonial army. However, due to his delicate health, he gave up the military and completed at the collège d'Harcourt the studies he had begun at the Louis le-Grand. [sep] Knowledge2: List of Western Illinois University people: The following is a list of notable people associated with Western Illinois University, located in the American city of Macomb, Illinois.
Knowledge1: Todd Sieben  Todd Sieben (born July 11, 1945) was a Republican member of the Illinois Senate who represented northwestern Illinois from 1993 until his resignation in March 2008.  Sieben was born in Geneseo, Illinois on July 11, 1945. He attended Western Illinois University where he earned a bachelor's degree in business administration. From 1968 to 1972 he served as an officer in the United States Navy including serving in Vietnam. He ended his service with the United States Navy in 1972 with the rank of Lieutenant. He then became co-owner and vice-president of Sieben Hybrids, a family seed business and he operated a 400-acre livestock farm.  In 1986, he was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives to succeed A. T. McMaster. During his time in the House he praised lifting the inheritance tax, attempted to shorten campaigning season by moving back Illinois's March primary elections and was supportive of education reform with the exception of forced school district consolidation. In 1991, he advocated for Northern Illinois University to convert the Campbell Center in Mount Carroll, Illinois into a regional branch, similar to ones in Hoffman Estates and Naperville.  In 1992, he was elected to the Illinois Senate to represent the 37th district to succeed Calvin W. Schuneman.  After the 2001 redistricting, Sieben's district was renumbered to the 45th and drawn to include all of Jo Daviess, Stephenson and Lee counties and portions of Winnebago, Ogle, Carroll, Whiteside and Henry counties. In 2003, he was appointed an Assistant Republican Leader.<ref name="2003ILGA"/>  He ran unopposed in 1998, 2002 and 2006. In 2007, he announced his retirement, but in February 2008 he chose to resign to become a lobbyist for the ethanol industry. He was succeeded by retired Lee County Sherriff Tim Bivins. [sep] Knowledge2: List of Western Illinois University people: The following is a list of notable people associated with Western Illinois University, located in the American city of Macomb, Illinois.
Knowledge1: Louis Joseph Troost  Louis Joseph Troost (17 October 1825, Paris – 30 September 1911) was a French chemist. [sep] Knowledge2: Popular Science Monthly/Volume 79/December 1911/The Progress of Science: and will be tripled in Great Britain. It should also be remembered that the death rate of those over 4.1 has increased continually, owing mainly to the keeping alive of weakly people at earlier ages.
Knowledge1: Heiko Balz  Heiko Balz (born 17 September 1969) is a German Freestyle wrestler. He won a silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics. [sep] Knowledge2: Heiko Balz: Heiko Balz (born 17 September 1969) is a German Freestyle wrestler. He won a silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.[1]
Knowledge1: Margot Shumway (born August 2, 1979) is an American rower. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she place fifth in quadruple sculls. She competed in double sculls together with Sarah Trowbridge at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed sixth. Margot Shumway  Margot Shumway (born August 2, 1979) is an American rower. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she place fifth in quadruple sculls. She competed in double sculls together with Sarah Trowbridge at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed sixth. [sep] Knowledge2: Margot Shumway: Margot Shumway (born August 2, 1979) is an American rower. She was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she place fifth in quadruple sculls. She competed in double sculls together with Sarah Trowbridge at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where they placed sixth.[1]
Knowledge1: Vitaliy Sobko began his football career in Metalist Youth in Kharkiv. He transferred to FC Kremin Kremenchuk during 2009 winter transfer window.  Vitaliy Ivanovych Sobko (Віталій Іванович Собко; born 27 July 1987) is a Ukrainian football midfielder. Vitaliy Sobko  Vitaliy Ivanovych Sobko (; born 27 July 1987) is a Ukrainian football midfielder. [sep] Knowledge2: Vitaliy Sobko: Can you list the top facts and stats about Vitaliy Sobko?; Vitaliy Sobko: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Vitaliy Sobko: Vitaliy Ivanovych Sobko (Ukrainian: Віталій Іванович Собко; born 27 July 1987) is a Ukrainian football midfielder.; Vitaliy Sobko: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Thorbjörn Mikael Eriksson (born January 3, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward, currently playing with Växjö Lakers Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien (SEL). Eriksson was born and raised in Karlskoga, Sweden, with Bofors HC as his youth team. After scoring 13 goals and 35 points with Karlskoga HC in the 2005–06 Swedish Division 2 season, Eriksson signed with the Division 1 team Grums IK for the 2006–07 season, where he scored 12 points in 26 games. During the season he was also called up to the senior Bofors IK team of the second tier HockeyAllsvenskan on 17 occasions, but he only scored 3 points. After 14 goals and 29 points in 162 HockeyAllsvenskan games, Eriksson signed a two-year contract with Växjö Lakers Hockey who were newcomers of the Swedish top tier league Elitserien (SEL) in the 2011–12 season. He made his Elitserien debut on September 13, 2011, in the Lakers' premier game of the season against Frölunda HC. Eriksson did not score any points as Frölunda shutout the Lakers 2–0.  Mikael Eriksson is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Jönköpings Södra IF in the Swedish Superettan. He has previously played for Degerfors IF. In mid-2007, there was speculation in the Australian media that Eriksson was the target of Sydney FC manager Branko Culina, but nothing came of it. Mikael Eriksson (ice hockey)  Thorbjörn Mikael Eriksson (born January 3, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward, currently playing with Växjö Lakers Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien (SEL).  Eriksson was born and raised in Karlskoga, Sweden, with Bofors HC as his youth team. After scoring 13 goals and 35 points with Karlskoga HC in the 2005–06 Swedish Division 2 season, Eriksson signed with the Division 1 team Grums IK for the 2006–07 season, where he scored 12 points in 26 games. During the season he was also called up to the senior Bofors IK team of the second tier HockeyAllsvenskan on 17 occasions, but he only scored 3 points.  After 14 goals and 29 points in 162 HockeyAllsvenskan games, Eriksson signed a two-year contract with Växjö Lakers Hockey who were newcomers of the Swedish top tier league Elitserien (SEL) in the 2011–12 season. He made his Elitserien debut on September 13, 2011, in the Lakers' premier game of the season against Frölunda HC. Eriksson did not score any points as Frölunda shutout the Lakers 2–0.  Mikael Eriksson  Mikael Eriksson is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Jönköpings Södra IF in the Swedish Superettan. He has previously played for Degerfors IF.  In mid-2007, there was speculation in the Australian media that Eriksson was the target of Sydney FC manager Branko Culina, but nothing came of it.  Mikael Ericsson  Mikael Ericsson (born February 28, 1960) is a Swedish former rally driver. During his career he competed in 40 events in the World Rally Championship, including two victories consecutively in 1989, his best year, when he finished fourth overall. [sep] Knowledge2: Mikael Eriksson: Mikael Eriksson is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Jönköpings Södra IF in the Swedish Superettan. He has previously played for Degerfors IF.[1] ; Mikael Eriksson: In mid-2007, there was speculation in the Australian media that Eriksson was the target of Sydney FC manager Branko Culina, but nothing came of it.[2] ; Mikael Eriksson: This biographical article related to Swedish football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Mikael Eriksson (ice hockey): Thorbjörn Mikael Eriksson (born January 3, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward, currently playing with Växjö Lakers Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien (SEL).[1] ; Mikael Eriksson (ice hockey): Eriksson was born and raised in Karlskoga, Sweden, with Bofors HC as his youth team. After scoring 13 goals and 35 points with Karlskoga HC in the 2005–06 Swedish Division 2 season, Eriksson signed with the Division 1 team Grums IK for the 2006–07 season, where he scored 12 points in 26 games. During the season he was also called up to the senior Bofors IK team of the second tier HockeyAllsvenskan on 17 occasions, but he only scored 3 points.
Knowledge1: Rodger Stevens  Rodger Stevens is a contemporary American artist.  Stevens graduated from the Poly Prep Country Day School in Brooklyn and went on to study economics at Manhattanville College in Purchase, New York, and at Pace University in Manhattan. Stevens then attended Parsons The New School for Design and the School of Visual Arts. From 1994 through 1999, he worked at Sotheby's in New York.  In the early nineties he began exhibiting his drawings and sculptures at small galleries throughout New York and eventually in more renowned venues such as the Tiffany & Co. windows, the MTV headquarters, the Todd Oldham boutique and the Yohji Yamamoto showroom in SoHo. In recent years he has done commissioned work for the Whitney Museum of American Art, the American Folk Art Museum, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Barneys, West Elm, The New York Times, Stuart Weitzman, the Rockwell Group, Jonathan Adler, Starbucks, the W Hotel, One Medical, The Advisory Board, and others. In 2011, he was selected by the Persol eyewear company to be a member of their "Work of Persol" artist series. Stevens continues to exhibit internationally, California, and elsewhere. His work has been featured in numerous publications and blogs. He has developed a line of sculptural air-plant holders for West Elm; collaborated with designer Mark McKenna on the illuminated mobile, Orchadia; created several large-scale mobiles for the Starbucks company; and designed a line of carpets for Lindstrom Rugs (Los Angeles). In addition to his art and jewelry practice, he is an active curator, and an adjunct professor at the Parsons School of Design. His work is currently carried by the Whitney Museum and the Brooklyn Museum, and he is represented by BDDW, Kinder Modern, Brad Ford's FAIR, and Timothy Yarger Fine Art in Los Angeles. [sep] Knowledge2: Rogers Stevens: Stevens attended Delaware County Community college with good friend Chris Donohue and graduated from the University of Pennsylvania School of Law.[9] In December 2014, he was reported to be an associate in the labor and employment group of Philadelphia law firm Ballard Spahr.[10]  He is now an associate in the Labor and Employment group of Philadelphia law firm Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP.[11]
Knowledge1: Liam Carroll  Liam Carroll may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Liam Carroll: Liam Carroll may refer to: ; Liam Carroll (businessman): Carroll became well known during the Celtic Tiger years of the late 1990s-2007 for residential and commercial property construction projects with a focus on large scale apartment developments in Dublin city centre. His apartments were notable for their high volume, low price point and small floor plan which appealed to younger owner occupiers and the less well-off sections of society.[3] ; Liam Carroll (businessman): Carroll also tended to build on inner-city brownfield or derelict sites in what other developers considered "unfashionable areas". This reputation earned Carroll the sobriquet of the Shoebox King from his detractors, including most notably the Irish Times journalist Frank McDonald, while his supporters emphasised the affordability of the apartments, the rejuvenation of previously downtrodden areas and the effect of bringing young people back into the city centre.[4][5][6] ; Liam Carroll (businessman): Zoe group companies became unable to repay bank borrowings of a reported €1.3bn and in summer 2009 requested Examinership as protection from their creditors, including ACCBank who were the first to seek a winding up order.  Following a series of cases, this was rejected by both the High Court and the Supreme Court of Ireland[8] with the rescue plan described by a judge as bordering, if not trespassing on the fanciful and the appointment of liquidators to group companies was confirmed by the courts on 14 October 2009.[9][10][11] ; Liam Carroll (businessman): Following Zoe Development Group's decline, apartments constructed by the group have since been sold off by NAMA and through receivership processes and ultimately acquired by private buyers, state agencies and various international property funds including Irish Residential Properties REIT, Kennedy Wilson, Green REIT and Hines.[12][13][14]
Knowledge1: (Correct ) ''according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website. '' Wellington (footballer, born 1985)  Wellington Santos da Silva or simply Wellington (born August 17, 1985, in Guarulhos, Brazil) is a Brazilian left back who last played for FK Liepājas Metalurgs in Latvia. [sep] Knowledge2: Wellington Santos da Silva: Wellington, voller Name Wellington Santos da Silva, (* 17. August 1985 in Guarulhos) ist ein brasilianischer Fußballspieler. ; Wellington Santos da Silva: Wellington begann seine Karriere bei União São João EC in São Paulo. Von dort wurde er an América FC und Ituano FC ausgeliehen. Am Ende der Saison 2005/06 wechselte er zu Grêmio Porto Alegre, von wo er wiederum im Jahre 2007 an Corinthians São Paulo verliehen wurde. Im August 2007 folgte ein Wechsel auf Leihbasis zum 1. FSV Mainz 05 in die 2. Fußball-Bundesliga.[1] Nach seinem Aufenthalt in Deutschland wurde er für ein halbes Jahr an Náutico Capibaribe nach Brasilien verliehen. Im Januar 2009 unterschrieb Wellington einen bis Saisonende befristeten Vertrag beim Figueirense FC. Zur Saison 2009/10 wechselte er nach Portugal zu Nacional Funchal. Dort blieb er ein halbes Jahr und stand von Januar bis Dezember 2010 bei Liepājas Metalurgs unter Vertrag.
Knowledge1: George Chambers  The Hon. George Michael Chambers ORTT (4 October 1928 – 4 November 1997) was the second Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. Born in Port of Spain, Chambers joined Deloitte New Zealand in 1956, and was elected to Supervisor representing Wayne Joe and Co. He served as Assistant General Secretary of the PNM before becoming Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Finance in 1966. From there he went on to serve twice as Minister of Finance (1971–1974 and 1981–1986). Chambers also served as Minister of Public Utilities, Housing, National Security, Education, Planning, Industry/Commerce and Agriculture.  Chambers was one of three Deputy Leaders of the PNM when then-Prime Minister Eric Williams died suddenly in 1981. He was appointed Prime Minister by then-President Ellis Clarke and led the PNM to victory in the 1981 General Elections. In 1986 he led the PNM to its worst ever electoral defeat (winning only three of the 36 seats in Parliament). Following the defeat Chambers resigned and was succeeded as PNM leader by Patrick Manning.   George Chambers (disambiguation)  George Chambers (1928–1997) was Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago.  George Chambers may also refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: George Chambers (New York politician): He was buried at the Benton-Bar Cemetery in Kyserike.
Knowledge1: Aubert  This surname has Anglo-Saxon pre-8th century origins; spelling variations include Albert, Albertson and Alberts in English names. It is derived from the Old German compound 'Aedelbeort' meaning 'noble-bright'. However, many sources show it as a French surname, with many spelling variations on the French form. It is now found in many locations of the world, spread by French Huguenot refugees, amongst others.<ref name=surnamedb />  Notable people with this surname include the following: [sep] Knowledge2: Jouy-en-Josas: From that date forward, Jouy became home to several aristocratic families. A number of seigneurs from Jouy had close relations with the kings: Antoine d'Aquin was the personal doctor to Louis XIV, and his grandson, Antoine-Louis de Rouillé, became Secretary of State of the Navy and Foreign Affairs under Louis XV.
Knowledge1: Johann Gregor Memhardt or Memhard (1607 in Linz an der Donau – 1678 in Berlin) was a master builder, architect and politician.  Memhardt emigrated from Linz to the Netherlands in 1622, where he probably learned the art of fortification. He served as a military engineer with George William, Elector of Brandenburg from 1638 onwards and in 1641 was appointed court engineer. Under his leadership the Residenzschloss was repaired and a chapel built for crown princess Louise Henriette. In the Lustgarten he built a 'Lusthaus'. From 1651 the Schloss Oranienburg and its gardens were built to Memhardt's designs, known from the plan of Berlin published in 1652. [sep] Knowledge2: Gregor Mendel: Other scholars agree with Fisher that Mendel's various observations come uncomfortably close to Mendel's expectations. A. W. F. Edwards,[65] for instance, remarks: "One can applaud the lucky gambler; but when he is lucky again tomorrow, and the next day, and the following day, one is entitled to become a little suspicious". Three other lines of evidence likewise lend support to the assertion that Mendel's results are indeed too good to be true.[66] ; Johann Gregor Memhardt: Johann Gregor Memhardt or Memhard (1607 in Linz an der Donau – 1678 in Berlin) was a master builder, architect and politician.; Johann Gregor Memhardt: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  Frangiskos Papamanolis (Φραγκίσκος Παπαμανώλης, born on December 5, 1936 in Ano Syros, Greece) is the Roman Catholic bishop emeritus of Syros and Milos, bishop emeritus of Santorini and Apostolic Administrator emeritus of Crete. In 1962 Papamanolis was ordained priest of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin and on July 27, 1974 was appointed bishop, being ordained on October 20, 1974. [sep] Knowledge2: Pope Francis: Following the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan and withdrawal of U.S. forces from the country, Francis said that the withdrawal of troops was "legitimate" but said that the process of evacuations was "not thought through" and criticized the war for having failed at nation-building. He also stated that the Vatican is in talks with the Taliban through Cardinal Pietro Parolin to discourage the Taliban on taking reprisal measures against civilians.[452][453]
Knowledge1: Stig Kleven (born 12 January 1967) is a Norwegian sport wrestler. He was born in Notodden and represented the club IF Urædd. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he placed 4th in Greco-Roman wrestling. He placed sixth at the 1994 World Wrestling Championships. Stig Kleven  Stig Kleven (born 12 January 1967) is a Norwegian sport wrestler.  He was born in Notodden and represented the club IF Urædd. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he placed 4th in Greco-Roman wrestling. He placed sixth at the 1994 World Wrestling Championships. [sep] Knowledge2: Stig Kleven: Stig Kleven (born 12 January 1967) is a Norwegian sport wrestler. ; Stig Kleven: His achievements include a fourth place at the 1988 Summer Olympics, a sixth place at the world championships, a bronze medal at the European championships, one Nordic title, and eleven Norwegian titles. ; Stig Kleven: Kleven was born in Notodden on 12 January 1967.[1] ; Stig Kleven: Kleven represented the clubs SK Snøgg (Tønsberg), IF Urædd (Porsgrunn), Sportsklubben av 09 (Oslo), and Kolbotn IL.[1] ; Stig Kleven: He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where he placed 4th in Greco-Roman wrestling.[2] He became Nordic champion in 1988.[1]
Knowledge1:  Li Shengsu was born on February 16, 1966 in Baixiang County, Xingtai City of Hebei, China. She began her career in performing Chinese opera after she was specially recruited into the Yu Opera Troupe of Baixiang County by Wei Shengliang (魏胜良) who was a teacher in the troupe. At that time, she was ten years old. In 1979, at the age of thirteen, Li converted to learning Peking opera since the Hebei Vocational Art College was recruiting students for Peking opera. There, under the instructions of Qi Lanqiu (齐兰秋), she began learning how to perform Dan roles such as Tsing Yi (青衣) and Hua Dan (花旦). Upon graduating in 1986, Li was assigned [sep] Knowledge2: Lin Hwai-min: As the Cloud Gate Dance Theater gained international popularity, the demand for Lin's artistic directions and masterwork increased as well. He collaborated with many international artists and dance groups. He worked with world-renowned stage designer Ming Cho Lee to conceptualize the scenography of Nine Songs in 1993. He also worked with the world-famous Sylvie Guillem and Akram Khan on Sacred Monsters in 2006. Furthermore, in 1996, he debuted as an opera director in the production of Rashomon.[8] However, despite his international success, Lin remains deeply rooted in Taiwan, refusing a position to direct a major European dance company. He said, "How could I leave Taiwan? It is where all my friends and family are. It is out of this that I create".[2] ; Lin Hwai-min: 1975 : The Tale of the White Serpent ; Lin Hwai-min: 1999 : Burning of the Juniper Branches ; Emperor Xuanzong of Tang: Later in 712, in one of Princess Taiping's plans to oust him, at her request, Emperor Ruizong decreed that Emperor Xuanzong lead a group of soldiers to examine the northern border. However, the group of conscripted soldiers was disbanded in spring 713, and the plan was never carried out.[18] ; Emperor Xuanzong of Tang: At the same time, 751 saw the loss of the Battle of Talas against the Abbasid Caliphate. As a consequence, the Tang dynasty temporarily lost some of its influence in Central Asia to the emerging Abbasid Caliphate, as several Tang tributaries turned to the Abbasids.
Knowledge1: Florian Maier-Aichen Florian Maier-Aichen (born 1973 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a landscape photographer based in Cologne, Germany and Los Angeles, USA. He uses a combination of traditional photographic techniques and computer imaging. Maier-Aichen studied at the University of California, Los Angeles, the University of Essen in Germany, and at the Hoegskolan for Fotografi och Film Gothenborg in Sweden. His work features in several important public collections including the Denver Art Museum, the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, and the Saatchi Gallery [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Use dmy dates from October 2022: This system of tagging or categorisation is used as a status monitor of all articles that use dd mm yyyy date formats, and not as a clean up.
Knowledge1:  Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan (22 February 1715 in Montauban – 29 December 1790 in Paris) was a French clergyman, younger brother of Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan. Pompignan was the archbishop of Vienne against whose defense of the faith Voltaire launched the good-natured mockery of Les Lettres d'un Quaker. Elected to the Estates General, he passed over to the Liberal side, and led the 149 members of the clergy who united with the third estate to form the National Assembly. He was one of its first presidents, and was minister of public worship when the Civil Constitution of the Clergy was forced upon the clergy. Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan  Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan (22 February 1715 in Montauban – 29 December 1790 in Paris) was a French clergyman, younger brother of Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan.  Pompignan was the archbishop of Vienne against whose defense of the faith Voltaire launched the good-natured mockery of "Les Lettres d'un Quaker". Elected to the Estates General, he passed over to the Liberal side, and led the 149 members of the clergy who united with the third estate to form the National Assembly. He was one of its first presidents, and was minister of public worship when the Civil Constitution of the Clergy was forced upon the clergy. [sep] Knowledge2: Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Lefranc. ; Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan: Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan, né le 22 février 1715 à Montauban et mort le 29 décembre 1790 à Paris, dans la paroisse de Saint-Sulpice, est un prélat et apologiste français. ; Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan: Il devient archevêque de Vienne du 27 septembre 1774, à l’occasion de quoi le roi unit l’abbaye de Saint-Chaffre à sa mense épiscopale, jusqu’en 1789.  ; Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan: Durant son épiscopat, il eut maille à partir avec les Philosophes, notamment Voltaire[1]. Ainsi publia-t-il un mandement contre l’édition projetée des œuvres de cet écrivain. Dans sa Lettre pastorale, il critique aussi les thèses de Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Ce dernier, dans une lettre à son éditeur Marc-Michel Rey souligne que « Le seul homme qui m’ait attaqué et qui ait paru m’entendre est M. l’évêque du Puy[2]. » ; Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan: En 1747, il avait prononcé l’oraison funèbre de la Dauphine et, en 1768, celle de la reine Marie Leczinska. Il est nommément cité dans les Enfans de Sodome à l’Assemblée de 1790.
Knowledge1: Bradley David Goddard (born May 17, 1977) is a Canadian actor. His identical twin brother Chris Goddard is also an actor. Brad Goddard  Bradley David Goddard (born May 17, 1977) is a Canadian actor. [sep] Knowledge2: Neville Lancelot Goddard: Jonathan L. Walton has contended that Frederick Eikerenkoetter, best known as Reverend Ike, in particular adopted theories and teachings rooted in Goddard's ideas.[7] Rhonda Byrne and Wayne Dyer have noted that Goddard shaped their views.[8] Margaret Runyan Castaneda, ex-wife and later biographer of Carlos Castaneda, was interested in Goddard's work and introduced Castaneda to Goddard's ideas.[9]
Knowledge1: Drive (2011 film)  Drive is a 2011 American action drama film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. The screenplay, written by Hossein Amini, is based on James Sallis's 2005 novel of the same name. The film stars Ryan Gosling as an unnamed Hollywood stunt driver who moonlights as a getaway driver. He quickly grows fond of his neighbor, Irene (Carey Mulligan), and her young son, Benicio. When her debt-ridden husband, Standard (Oscar Isaac), is released from prison, the two men take part in what turns out to be a botched million-dollar heist that endangers the lives of everyone involved. The film co-stars Bryan Cranston, Christina Hendricks, Ron Perlman, and Albert Brooks.  Producers Marc Platt and Adam Siegel optioned the source novel after Siegel read a review from "Publishers Weekly". Adapting the book proved to be challenging for Amini, as it had a nonlinear narrative. Gosling, one of Platt's top casting choices, eventually signed on for the lead, as he wanted to star in an action-oriented project. Gosling played a pivotal role in the film's production, which included hiring Refn as director and Beth Mickle as production designer. Newton Thomas Sigel oversaw the principal photography, which started on September 25, 2010, was shot on location in various parts of Los Angeles, and ended on November 12.  Before its September 2011 release, "Drive" had been shown at a number of film festivals, including the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where it received a standing ovation. Refn won the festival's Best Director Award. The film was praised for its direction, cinematography, performances (particularly Gosling and Brooks'), visuals, action sequences, and musical score; however, some critics were appalled by its graphic violence and found that potentially detrimental to the film's box office success. Nonetheless, the film was still a commercial success, grossing $81 million against a production budget of $15 million. Several critics listed "Drive" as one of the best films of 2011, including the National Board of Review. Its honors include a nomination for Best Sound Editing at the 84th Academy Awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Drive On: Drive On may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Mother, (マザー) officially known outside of Japan as EarthBound Beginnings, is a 1989 role-playing video game developed by Ape and published by Nintendo for the Famicom. It is the first entry in the Mother series. It is modeled on the gameplay of the Dragon Quest series, but is set in the late 20th-century United States, unlike its fantasy genre contemporaries. Mother follows the young Ninten as he uses his great-grandfather's studies on psychic powers to fight hostile, formerly inanimate objects and other enemies. The game uses random encounters to enter a menu-based, first-person perspective battle system. Writer and director Shigesato [sep] Knowledge2: Mother!: Writing for The Guardian, Peter Bradshaw gave the film five stars, saying: "Darren Aronofsky's toweringly outrageous film leaves no gob unsmacked. It is an event-movie detonation, a phantasmagorical horror and black-comic nightmare that jams the narcosis needle right into your abdomen."[44] Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club gave the film a B+, writing: "the filmmaking ranks as some of Aronofsky's most skillful".[45] Ben Croll of IndieWire gave the film an A−, noting: "Awash in both religious and contemporary political imagery, Darren Aronofsky's allusive film opens itself to a number of allegorical readings, but it also works as a straight-ahead head rush."[46] In an essay for The Hollywood Reporter, Martin Scorsese said: "It was so tactile, so beautifully staged and acted—the subjective camera and the POV reverse angles, always in motion ... the sound design, which comes at the viewer from around corners and leads you deeper and deeper into the nightmare ... the unfolding of the story, which very gradually becomes more and more upsetting as the film goes forward. The horror, the dark comedy, the biblical elements, the cautionary fable—they're all there, but they're elements in the total experience, which engulfs the characters and the viewers along with them. Only a true, passionate filmmaker could have made this picture, which I'm still experiencing weeks after I saw it."[47] Director William Friedkin praised the film.[48]
Knowledge1:  Although music fills the cinematic void in a few scenes, the notions of naturalistic sounds are more of use; For example, the sounds of an empty train station or the sounds of moving cars in quiet garages. In addition, the absence of sound also is of use, emphasizing extreme loneliness of the characters feelings. [sep] Knowledge2: Me and My Friend: Me and My Friend is an Irish television sitcom that aired on RTÉ Television for one series from 1967 to 1968. Starring actresses and comedians Maureen Potter and Rosaleen Linehan, it was RTÉ's first home-grown sitcom.[1]
Knowledge1: Unknown is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by Stanley Schmidt, the fifth of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-1940s. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in October 1988. The book collects nine tales by various authors, together with an introduction by the editor.  Unknown was screened out of competition at the 61st Berlin International Film Festival. It was released in the United States on 18 February 2011. [sep] Knowledge2: Unknown (2011 film): Unknown is a 2011 action-thriller film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra and starring Liam Neeson, Diane Kruger, January Jones, Aidan Quinn, Bruno Ganz, and Frank Langella.[7] The film, produced by Joel Silver, Leonard Goldberg and Andrew Rona, is based on the 2003 French novel by Didier Van Cauwelaert published in English as Out of My Head which was adapted as the film's screenplay by Oliver Butcher and Stephen Cornwell.[8] The narrative centers around a professor who wakes up from a four-day long coma and sets out to prove his identity after no one recognizes him, including his own wife, and another man claims to be him. ; Unknown (2011 film): On Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, the film has an approval rating of 55% based on 207 reviews; the average rating is 5.80/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Liam Neeson elevates the proceedings considerably, but Unknown is ultimately too derivative – and implausible – to take advantage of its intriguing premise."[14] On Metacritic the film has an average weighted score of 56 out of 100, based on 38 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".[15] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.[16]
Knowledge1: Reach is a studio album by German jazz pianist Jacky Terrasson released in 1995 by Blue Note label. This is his second album for Blue Note. The album is a collection of five originals written by Terrasson and three jazz standards.  In May 2021, it was announced that Reach would make an alliance with Netflix for the musicalization of the movie Blue Miracle. The songs on the album are used to set the film, in addition to other songs by artists of Latin descent such as Gawvi and Whatuprg.  Reach is the only album by American country music artist Meredith Edwards. It was released in 2001 by Mercury Nashville and peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles "A Rose Is a Rose" and "The Bird Song." Keith Stegall produced the album, except for "Ready to Fall" (featured on the On the Line soundtrack and in its theatrical trailer) and "This Is the Heartache" (produced by Richard Marx), and "The Bird Song", "You Get to Me", "But I Can't Let You Go", and "You" (produced by Robin Wiley). [sep] Knowledge2: Reach (Gloria Estefan song): The song appears on Estefan's compilation albums Greatest Hits Vol. II (2001), The Very Best of Gloria Estefan (2006) and The Essential Gloria Estefan (2006).
Knowledge1: Attribution   Elias Childe (1778–1849) was a British landscape painter. He was a prolific artist, working both in oils and watercolours. Elias Childe  Elias Childe (1778–1849) was a British landscape painter. He was a prolific artist, working both in oils and watercolours. [sep] Knowledge2: Elias Childe:  Elias Childe RBA (1778–1849) was a British landscape painter. He was a prolific artist, working both in oils and watercolours. ; Elias Childe: He was elder brother to the artist James Warren Childe and Henry Langdon Childe who developed the magic lantern.[1] He first exhibited in 1798 at the Royal Academy, when he was living at 29 Compton Street, Soho, with his brother James. He concentrated on landscape, a field in which he was a success. In 1825 he was elected a fellow of the Society of British Artists.[2] ; Elias Childe: Childe exhibited for the last time in 1848, and died in 1849.[1] ; Elias Childe: Childe exhibited upwards of 500 pictures at the exhibitions of the Society of British Artists, the Royal Academy, and the British Institution. His pictures were popular, and sold well. He particularly excelled in moonlight effects, and an example of that style went to the National Gallery of British Art at South Kensington.[2]
Knowledge1:  caught the attentions of the Nazis during the Occupation, and Duchesne became a collaborator, actively participating in the torture of at least one member of the French Resistance." Not surprisingly, the review notes Bob le flambeur was Duchesne's first film since the war and he only appeared in one more thereafter. Film director Jean-Pierre Melville, ironically himself a Jewish member of the French Resistance during the war, recruited Duchesne for Bob le flambeur. According to one account, the actor had been prohibited from working by the postwar purge ("epuration") of collaborators. "Duchesne robbed a bank of 800 million francs--the same sum Bob tries to steal [in the film] in Deauville--then cooled his heels in prison writing adventure novels. When Melville tracked him down, he was selling scrap metal in Saint-Ouen." [sep] Knowledge2: André Duchesne: Duchesne was born in L'Île-Bouchard.  He was educated at Loudun and afterwards at Paris. From his earliest years he devoted himself to historical and geographical research, and his first work, Egregiarum seu selectarum lectionum et antiquitatum liber, published in his eighteenth year, displayed great erudition. He enjoyed the patronage of Cardinal Richelieu, a native of the same district with himself, through whose influence he was appointed historiographer and geographer to the king.[1]
Knowledge1: Operation Sabotage  Operation Sabotage is a text adventure game by Ray Sato for the TRS-80 and published by "SoftSide Magazine" in 1982. It was ported by Rich Bouchard to the Atari 8-bit family and subsequently translated for Apple II by Ron Shaker. The game was republished in "The Best of SoftSide" (1983), which also included the program on an accompanying 5¼-inch floppy disk. [sep] Knowledge2: Operation Sabotage: Operation Sabotage is a text adventure game by Ray Sato for the TRS-80 and published by SoftSide Magazine in 1982. It was ported by Rich Bouchard to the Atari 8-bit family and translated for Apple II by Ron Shaker[1] and later the IBM Personal Computer by Fred Condo & Kerry Shetline.[2]  The game was republished in The Best of SoftSide (1983), which also included the program on an accompanying 5¼-inch floppy disk.[3];  Operation Sabotage : Operation Sabotage is a text adventure game by Ray Sato for the TRS-80 and published by SoftSide Magazine in 1982. It was ported by Rich Bouchard to the Atari 8-bit family and subsequently translated for Apple II by Ron Shaker.  The game was republished in The Best of SoftSide (1983), which also included the program on an accompanying 5Â¼-inch floppy disk.[1]
Knowledge1:  "The Gap" is a song by the British pop group Thompson Twins. It was the title track from the group's 1984 album Into the Gap, and was also released as a single in certain countries though not in the group's native UK. The single peaked at #69 in the U.S., spending six weeks on the US Billboard 100. It also charted in Germany where it peaked at #62. There was no promotional music video for this single. The B-sides are a "megamix" of various Thompson Twins songs titled "Out Of The Gap", and the previous single, "Sister Of Mercy" (LP Version). [sep] Knowledge2: The Gap: The Gap may refer to:
Knowledge1: Dark Matter (2015 TV series)  Dark Matter is a science fiction series started in 2015 that was developed by Prodigy Pictures in association with the Space channel and the Syfy channel. The concept was created by Joseph Mallozzi and Paul Mullie while they were working on the "Stargate" franchise, and was originally published as a comic book series in 2012.  An order for 13 episodes was placed for the first season of the series, which premiered on June 12, 2015, on both Space and Syfy. On September 5, 2015, the series was renewed for a second season. "Dark Matter" was renewed for a third season in September 2016, which premiered on June 9, 2017. On September 1, 2017, Syfy canceled the series. [sep] Knowledge2: Dark Matter (disambiguation): Dark Matter(s) or Darkmatter may also refer to:
Knowledge1:  Chaotic is an animated science fantasy television series produced by 4Kids Entertainment. It was animated by Canadian studio Bardel Entertainment for season 1 and South Korean studio Dong Woo Animation for season 2 and 3. It is based on the Danish trading card game of the same name. Much of the plot is based on the original storyline of the Danish trading card game. [sep] Knowledge2: Chaotic (disambiguation): Chaotic is a trading card game / TV series franchise.
Knowledge1:  Flare is a science fiction novel by American writers Roger Zelazny and Thomas Thurston Thomas, published in 1992. Flare describes the world as it may be in 2081, and the effects a future inter-planetary civilization would suffer if a solar flare occurred after almost 100 years without any solar activity. The book takes a scientific approach to the idea, including almost no tangible story line. It is broken into short segments which describe different people in various places suffering from the effects of the solar flare. [sep] Knowledge2: Flare (novel): Flare is a science fiction novel by American writers Roger Zelazny and Thomas Thurston Thomas, published in 1992.
Knowledge1: Brain Slaves  Brain Slaves were a band from Auckland, New Zealand, formerly called The Coshercot Honeys. They were acclaimed for their unique sound, which combines neo-psychedelia with garage rock, pop hooks, and syncopated grooves. [sep] Knowledge2: Slavery in ancient Greece: But wandering far and wide, I brought again;
Knowledge1:  The New World is a collection of short stories by Russell Banks. It was first published in 1978. [sep] Knowledge2: The New World (2005 film): The New World is a 2005 historical romantic drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick, depicting the founding of the Jamestown, Virginia, settlement and inspired by the historical figures Captain John Smith, Pocahontas of the Powhatan tribe, and Englishman John Rolfe. It is the fourth feature film written and directed by Malick. ; The New World (2005 film): The New World was a box-office failure even though it received many award nominations for Lubezki's cinematography, Kilcher's acting and Horner's score. The film was initially met with an only mildly positive critical response, although several critics later ranked it as one of the best films of the decade. ; The New World (2005 film): Terrence Malick began work on the script for The New World in the late 1970s.[4]  After The Thin Red Line, Malick worked on a film about Che Guevara and his failed revolution in Bolivia.  When financing had yet to come through, Malick was offered the chance to direct The New World and left the Guevara project in March 2004.[5] Production on The New World was underway by July of that year.[6] ; The New World (2005 film): The New World was the first collaboration between Malick and cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki. The film was notable for its emphasis on authenticity, from location, settings and costumes to the casting of Native American actors and extras who were trained by Blair Rudes, professor of linguistics at UNC-Charlotte, to speak a form of the extinct Powhatan language (a type of Virginian Algonquian) reconstructed for the film by Rudes.[7] Some footage was also filmed at Hatfield House in Hertfordshire, England.[8] Principal photography wrapped after three and a half months in November 2004.[6] ; The New World (2005 film): The film was originally set to be released in November 2005, but release had to be postponed. Malick was still editing the footage he had shot.  He is well known for editing his films up until the last minute,[9] often trimming his films and leaving entire characters out of the final print, as is the case with The Thin Red Line.  In early December, a 150-minute version was shown to critics for awards season consideration.  It was released for a week from Christmas to New Year's Day in two theaters each in Los Angeles and New York to qualify for the Academy Awards.
Knowledge1: McKendree Long (1888 — 1976) was an American minister and painter.  The Presbyterian Historical Society in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has McKendree Robbins Long's Papers, including written and printed materials; original drawings, sketches, and illustrations; a folder of photographs; and seven sermons recorded on Duodisc electric transcription discs. Long embellished a portion of his handwritten work with imaginative illustrations and/or illumination, making this collection, and Long, particularly unique.  Film McKendree Long  McKendree Long (1888 — 1976) was an American minister and painter. [sep] Knowledge2: McKendree Long: McKendree Long (1888 — 1976) was an American minister and painter. ; McKendree Long: Educated at Horner Military Academy in Oxford and at Davidson College, he went on to attend classes at the Art Students League in New York.[1] Upon winning a scholarship for study in Europe, he travelled there, learning an academic style of portrait painting. He returned to the United States, working as a professional portraitist in New York City and North Carolina. Long went on to serve in World War I, and abandoned his artistic career afterwards, being ordained as a Presbyterian minister in 1922, becoming an evangelist in the southern U.S.[2] In his seventies, Reverend Long began painting again, in a far more surrealistic fashion that widely differed from the style of his previous portraiture. ; McKendree Long: Grandson Ben Long (1945- ) is also an alumnus of the Art Students League in New York.  Ben Long has gained substantial international notoriety, particularly for his drawings and fresco work.[3] ; McKendree Long: The Presbyterian Historical Society in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, has McKendree Robbins Long's Papers, including written and printed materials; original drawings, sketches, and illustrations; a folder of photographs; and seven sermons recorded on Duodisc electric transcription discs. Long embellished a portion of his handwritten work with imaginative illustrations and/or illumination, making this collection, and Long, particularly unique. ; McKendree Long: This article about a painter from the United States born in the 1880s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Drill music  Drill is a subgenre of hip hop music that originated in Chicago streets in the early 2010s. It is sonically similar to the trap music subgenre and lyrically similar to the gangsta rap subgenre. Drill music progressed into the American mainstream circa 2012 following the success of rappers like Chief Keef, Lil Durk, Lil Reese, Fredo Santana, G Herbo, Lil Bibby, and King Louie who had many local fans and a significant internet presence alongside producer Young Chop. Media attention and the signing of drill musicians to major labels followed. Artists within the genre have been noted for their style of lyricism and association with crime in Chicago.  A regional subgenre UK drill emerged in London particularly in the district of Brixton, beginning in 2012. UK drill rose to prominence by mid-2012 and has influenced other regional scenes, such as Australian, Spanish, Irish, Dutch, and Brooklyn drill (re-introduced to Brooklyn in the late 2010s). [sep] Knowledge2: Drill 'n' bass: Subsequent artists like Witchman, Animals on Wheels, Amon Tobin, Mung, and Plasmalamp also explored the style.[2][4] By the end of the 1990s, it had largely dissipated.[2] Later artists such as Kid606 drew on the style.[5] It would help produce the IDM spin-off genre breakcore, which took a more earnest and frenetic approach to the jungle sound.[4]
Knowledge1: Settle is an indie rock band from Easton, Pennsylvania currently signed to Epitaph Records whose debut album, At Home We Are Tourists, was released May 19, 2009. The signing of Settle is part of Epitaph's efforts to expand its sound beyond its pop punk roots. [sep] Knowledge2: Settle: The Remixes: The UK edition, titled Settle (Special Edition), combines the remix album with the deluxe edition of Settle and also includes three remixes from the Control EP. The special edition was released on 16 December 2013, by Island Records. Eventually, the Mary J. Blige remix of "F for You" was also added after being re-released on 5 March 2014.[5][6][7][8]
Knowledge1:  The first album has been described as "stream-of-conscious lyrics and swirls of psychedelic, lo-fi noise", and "insistently repetitive grooves and densely layered loops". NPR Music stated that its "colorful swirl of synthesizers and guitars ranges from electronic folk to psychedelia to lo-fi acoustic". Erik Adams, writing for The A.V. Club, saw it as an album of two distinct sides, "one full of hummable, groove-inflected bedroom folk, and the other populated by cascading waves of ambient white noise". Tim DiGravina, reviewing the album for Allmusic described it as "everything but the kitchen sink, stream of conscious composition...taking on a couple different and somewhat incongruous genres, from Afro-beat pop to freak folk to outright noise collages". The expanded line-up has been described as "psychedelic electro-folk" and walking "the line between ambient hypnotica and melodic indie rock". The Independent, reviewing "Collector" also identified a krautrock influence, stating that the band "channel propulsive krautrock and 1980s indie rock to great effect". Allmusic writer Jason Thurston described the band's sound as an "ethereal collage of indie folk, Baroque pop, plains country (and whatever else strikes their fancy)". [sep] Knowledge2: Magic Music: Magic Music may refer to:
Knowledge1:  In July 2006, a long-awaited complete recording of the opera became available on Glass' Orange Mountain Music label, based on the staging by the Landestheater Linz (Austria) and conducted by Dennis Russell Davies. [sep] Knowledge2: Voyage (band): Their lone Billboard Hot 100 entry was "Souvenirs," which hit No. 41 in 1979.[1] They had more success on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart, where two of their albums, Voyage (1978) and Fly Away (1979), hit number one.
Knowledge1: Marty Marsala (2 April 1909 &ndash; 27 April 1975) was an American jazz trumpeter born in Chicago, perhaps best known for working from 1926-1946 with his brother Joe Marsala in a big band in New York City and Chicago. He had also toured with various artists, such as Chico Marx and Miff Mole, to name a few. During the 1940s Marsala was a celebrated West Coast jazz trumpeter, commuting back and forth from Chicago to San Francisco frequently. In various club settings Marsala shared stages with Earl Hines and Sidney Bechet.  Marty Marsala began his professional career playing drums for bands led by Joe Bananas and Red Feilen in Chicago. During the 1920s he switched to the trumpet and soon joined his brother Joe Marsala's band in New York City following years as a freelance musician in Chicago, trumpeting for them from 1936 to 1941. In 1937 and 1938 he also worked with Bob Howard and Tempo King. He worked with the Will Hudson Orchestra and then led a local band for a while, joining Chico Marx's band and playing for them from 1942 to 1943; the band was technically led by Ben Pollack, but performed under Marx's name. He served briefly in the United States Army from 1944&ndash;1945. After service he toured between San Francisco and Chicago, playing much dixieland with his brother again as well as Miff Mole and Tony Parenti. He became especially popular in California during these years. In 1955 he moved permanently to San Francisco and began leading his own groups and recording with Kid Ory and Earl Hines. During the 1960s his health deteriorated and he retired from performing in 1965, never recording under his own name. Marty Marsala  Marty Marsala (2 April 1909 – 27 April 1975) was an American jazz trumpeter born in Chicago, perhaps best known for working from 1926-1946 with his brother Joe Marsala in a big band in New York City and Chicago. He had also toured with various artists, such as Chico Marx and Miff Mole, to name a few. During the 1940s Marsala was a celebrated West Coast jazz trumpeter, commuting back and forth from Chicago to San Francisco frequently. In various club settings Marsala shared stages with Earl Hines and Sidney Bechet. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Marty Marsala.jpg: Original file ‎(915 × 957 pixels, file size: 170 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Marty Marsala.jpg: Marty Marsala (2 April 1909–27 April 1975) was an American jazz trumpeter born in ChicagoGottlieb, William P., 1917-, photographer. ; File:Marty Marsala.jpg: [Portrait of Marty Marsala and Bud Freeman, between 1938 and 1948] ; File:Marty Marsala.jpg: 1 negative :  b&w ; 2 1/4 x 2 1/4 in. ; File:Marty Marsala.jpg: Subjects:  Marsala, Marty Freeman, Bud, 1906- Jazz musicians--1930-1950. Trumpet players--1930-1950. Saxophonists--1930-1950. Drummers (Musicians)--1930-1950. Pianists--1930-1950.
Knowledge1: Qian Du (Wade–Giles: Ch'ien Tu, traditional: 錢杜, simplified: 钱杜; pinyin: Qián Dù); c. 1764&ndash;1844 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644&ndash;1912). Qian was born in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Shumei' and his sobriquets were 'Songhu, Songhu Xiaoyin and Hegong'. Qian painted landscapes in a style influenced by Wang Meng. He also painted human figures and flowers.  . Qian Du  Qian Du (Wade–Giles: Ch'ien Tu, traditional: 錢杜, simplified: 钱杜; pinyin: Qián Dù); c. 1764–1844 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).  Qian was born in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Shumei' and his sobriquets were 'Songhu, Songhu Xiaoyin and Hegong'. Qian painted landscapes in a style influenced by Wang Meng. He also painted human figures and flowers. [sep] Knowledge2: Qian Du: Qian Du (Wade–Giles: Ch'ien Tu, traditional: 錢杜, simplified: 钱杜; pinyin: Qián Dù); c. 1764–1844 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912). ; Qian Du: Qian was born in the Zhejiang province.[1] His style name was 'Shumei' and his sobriquets were 'Songhu, Songhu Xiaoyin and Hegong'. Qian painted landscapes in a style influenced by Wang Meng. He also painted human figures and flowers. ; Qian Du: This article about a Chinese painter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Qian Du: Cet article est une ébauche concernant un peintre chinois. ; Qian Du: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants.
Knowledge1:  To Mother is the first EP by American punk band Babes in Toyland, released July 1, 1991 by Twin/Tone Records. It consists of outtakes from their previous release, Spanking Machine, which were re-recorded and produced by John Loder in London in 1990. It was a commercial success in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 1 on the UK Indie Chart, remaining in the number 1 position for ten weeks. [sep] Knowledge2: To Mother (g.o.d song): The story is partly drawn from the group members' experiences of living in austere conditions while training and preparing for their debut and also inspired by the childhood of band leader Park Joon-hyung. Born in South Korea, Park immigrated to the United States with his family as a child. His father died and his mother was forced to raise him and his siblings alone in a new country while struggling financially. Unlike the lyrics of the song, Park's mother is still alive and the food item was actually japchae and not jajangmyeon.[4]
Knowledge1: Magic (1996) is a collection of short stories and essays by American writer Isaac Asimov, all within (or concerning, in the latter case) the fantasy genre, collected and released after his death. The first seven stories are part of his Azazel series, while the remainder are three more traditional medieval fantasies and one mystery story from Asimov's Black Widowers series. [sep] Knowledge2: Magic (illusion): He takes an empty bag, lays it on the Table and turns it several times inside out, then commands 100 Eggs out of it and several showers of real Gold and silver, then the Bag beginning to swell several sorts of wild fowl run out of it upon the Table. He throws up a Pack of Cards, and causes them to be living birds flying about the room. He causes living Beasts, Birds, and other Creatures to appear upon the Table. He blows the spots of the Cards off and on, and changes them to any pictures.[15]
Knowledge1: The Harrowing is a horror novel by Alexandra Sokoloff. It was first published in 2006 by St. Martin's Press, and is the author's debut book, following a screenwriting career. According to Sokoloff's website, she was inspired to write the novel because of her experiences teaching to troubled teenagers in the Los Angeles County prison system. The Harrowing was nominated for the Bram Stoker Award for Best First Novel. The story follows a group of five troubled teenagers, all college students, who decide to stay behind in their creepy dorm rather than go to their dysfunctional homes for the Thanksgiving holiday. But after playing around with a Ouija board they realize that there is a presence lurking in the house with them. [sep] Knowledge2: The Harrowing (Inside No. 9): Critics agreed that the episode was the most gothic and scary of the series, with journalists writing for The Sunday Times saying that "The Harrowing" would be best avoided by those of a nervous disposition. Critics writing in the Metro felt that the episode was a poor finale for the series, and that the episode's ending was unsatisfying. By contrast, Alex Hoskins, writing for the Cheddar Valley Gazette, felt the episode's ending was very strong, and Bruce Dessau described "The Harrowing" as an excellent end to the series. On an Empire Online list, "The Harrowing", particularly its final scene, was selected as the 17th best TV moment of the year. The episode was watched by 833,000 people on its first showing, which was 4.7% of the audience.
Knowledge1: Yellow (Coldplay song)  "Yellow" is a song by the British rock band Coldplay. The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for their debut album, "Parachutes" (2000). The song was recorded in March 2000 and released on 26 June that same year as the second UK single from "Parachutes", following "Shiver", and as the lead single in the United States.  "Yellow" reached number four on the UK Singles Chart, giving Coldplay their first top-five hit in the United Kingdom. It was Coldplay's breakthrough hit internationally, reaching number one in Iceland, number five in Australia, number nine in Ireland and number 48 in the United States. Helped by heavy rotation and usage in advertising, the song thrust the band into popularity. "Yellow" has since been covered by various recording artists worldwide, and remains one of the band's most popular songs. [sep] Knowledge2: Yellow (Coldplay song): "Yellow" was written in a Rockfield studio in Wales. The studio is called the Quadrangle. It is where Coldplay began working on their first album, Parachutes.[1] One night after finishing recording "Shiver", the lead single of the album, the band took a break and went out of the studio.[2] Outside, there were few lights on and the stars in the sky were visible and "just amazing", according to the song's co-producer, Ken Nelson.[3] He told the band to look at the stars. The band looked at the stars and felt generally inspired. The song's main melody popped into the head of Chris Martin, the band's vocalist. The melody was a chord pattern. At first, Martin did not take it seriously "as he relayed the tune to the rest of the band in his worst Neil Young impersonation voice". Martin has said, "The song had the word 'stars' and that seemed like a word you should sing in a Neil Young voice."[4] The melody "started off a lot slower" according to Will Champion, the band's drummer, and sounded like a Neil Young song.[2][5] Not long after, despite not taking the song seriously, Martin's idea worked out when he had developed the tempo of the verse. When Jonny Buckland, the band's guitarist, started playing it and added to it with his own ideas, they had created the riff, "and it sort of got a bit heavier".[2]
Knowledge1: The soundtrack album of the film has been composed by Jassie Gift, while lyrics have been penned by Jayant Kaikini, Keshavaaditya and Kaviraj. The audio launch of the album took place on 31 December 2013. [sep] Knowledge2: Hara: Hara may refer to:
Knowledge1: Nightdreamers  Nightdreamers is an original novella written by Tom Arden and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Third Doctor and Jo. It was released both as a standard edition hardback and a deluxe edition () featuring a frontispiece by Martin McKenna. Both editions have a foreword by Katy Manning. [sep] Knowledge2: Nightdreamers: A royal wedding on an otherwise pleasant moon goes wild. Romantic entanglements give way to fare more dangerous difficulties. Including gravity itself.
Knowledge1:  The album's lyrical content is inspired by band members Win and William Butler's upbringing in The Woodlands, Texas, a suburb of Houston. According to Win Butler, the album "is neither a love letter to, nor an indictment of, the suburbs – it's a letter from the suburbs". The album was recorded in Win Butler and Régine Chassagne's residence in Montreal, with some parts being recorded at the band's studio in Quebec and in New York City. Win Butler describes the overall sound of The Suburbs as "a mix of Depeche Mode and Neil Young", stating that he wanted the album to sound like "the bands that I heard when I was very young, and wondered what those crazy noises were". It was released by Merge Records in North America and by Mercury Records in the United Kingdom. The band pressed each completed song to a 12″ lacquer, then recorded it back for the digital master of the album. There are eight alternative covers for the CD version of the album. [sep] Knowledge2: The Suburbs: Arcade Fire released a deluxe edition CD/DVD of The Suburbs on June 27, 2011 (everywhere except the U.S. and Canada). The American and Canadian versions were released on August 2, 2011, to coincide with the original album's anniversary. The new version included two brand new tracks recorded during The Suburbs album sessions ("Culture War" and "Speaking in Tongues", the latter featuring David Byrne), an extended version of album track "Wasted Hours", Spike Jonze's short film, Scenes from the Suburbs, and an 80-page booklet as well as other exclusive content. ; The Suburbs: * Sales figures based on certification alone.^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone. ; The Suburbs (band): Summer of 2002 saw the re-issues of the albums In Combo, Credit In Heaven and Love Is The Law on CD on the band's own Beejtar Records. In late 2003, the band issued Chemistry Set: The Songs Of The Suburbs 1977 - 1987 (a best of CD with a few bonus tracks and a DVD of their 2002 performances at Minneapolis' First Avenue). ; The Song of the Suburbs: The Song of the Suburbs (Spanish:La canción de los barrios) is a 1941 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Aída Alberti, Alicia Vignoli and Hugo del Carril.[1] ; The Song of the Suburbs: This article related to an Argentine film of the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The Club received positive reviews. Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell complimented it as "a shooter that turns tired genre conventions around with a bullet to the shoulder", but stated that it would be "divisive" due to the game's run and gun mentality, which went against the contemporary trend towards tactical shooters. Bramwell pointed out that The Club "does for the third-person shooter what no one else has even bothered trying to do: moving it closer to the 2D shoot-'em-ups of old in a manner that appeals anew". Andrew Reiner, writing for Game Informer, mentioned Bizarre Creations' background and its influence on The Club: "The speed-first mentality of the racing genre is cleverly infused into the framework of a [sep] Knowledge2: The Club: The Club may refer to:
Knowledge1: Reservoir Pups (also known as Running with the Reservoir Pups) is the first novel of the Eddie & the Gang with No Name trilogy by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, published on 13 November 2003 through Hodder Children's Books. It is Bateman's first young adult novel. "No Name" is stylized in lowercase as "no name" ; "Blaxploitation" contains a sample from the 1973 film The Spook Who Sat By the Door Track list adapted from Noname's Twitter. Notes [sep] Knowledge2: Reservoir Pups: Given that all the people in his life believe he is already part of the gang, Eddie decides to join. He is tasked with stealing the security codes from Scuttles' computer and while attempting to do so, hears of a plot to kidnap twelve babies from the hospital nursery, abandoning his mission. Returning to the gang, Eddie is ostracised for his failure to complete his task and he is told to "watch his back". Eddie then sets out to foil the kidnapping himself. ; Reservoir Pups: Colin Bateman presents an exhilarative, spine tingling work filled with all the zestful agitation, whimsical cast of characters and explosive tension necessary to hold the target audience absorbed from beginning paragraph to ending lines. ; Reservoir Pups: Molly Martin[2] ; Reservoir Pups: The novel was well received, with reviewers praising the pace of the novel and the complex themes discussed throughout. ; Reservoir Pups: Publishers Weekly called the novel a "rippingly paced", "zany caper cloaked in the droll, dark comedy that marks [Bateman's] adult fiction", praising the "cleverly convoluted plot"; and concluding that "how all the strands come together in this innovative, far-fetched tale makes for great entertainment, and Bateman's appealing young hero is entirely credible".[3] Candice Cooper, writing for Kaboose, called the novel a "fun, witty, tale of a 12 year-old boy with a gigantic amount of integrity and ambition", commenting that "it's important for him to do the right thing and he works very hard to accomplish it". She does go on to comment, however, that the "gang aspect of the book is a bit disturbing at times", finding that to perhaps be inappropriate for a book aimed at this audience. Cooper awarded the novel a score of four out of five.[4] Kirkus Reviews found that the "fast-paced plot gradually moves the reader from recognizable reality into a neverland of impossible characters and larger-than-life evildoers", concluding that "for the lovers of nonstop action and understated British humor, this will be a satisfying page-turner. Unpretentiously unpredictable".[5] Children's book reviewer, Inis Magazine, found that "in this mixture between 'problem novel' ... and Dahlesque novel of the grotesque, with a humanised version of 101 Dalmatians thrown in for good measure, Bateman creates a strange juxtaposition of pathos, comedy and shocking grotesquerie". Reviewer Amanda Piesse also commented on the "swift pace" and "hyperbolic tone" throughout; in conclusion finding it to be "highly thought-provoking in terms of both form and content, this book had me re-reading it the moment I'd finished it".[6] BookPage reviewer Alice Cary commented on the negative connection people may make with the subject matter for this novel, stating "between the witty word-smithing of Irish novelist Colin Bateman and the engaging voice of his protagonist, Eddie, readers are in good hands". Cary continues to state that while many elements of the novels plot could be considered unrealistic, "Eddie's narration makes it riveting and funny, and the story always rings true".[7]
Knowledge1: Koko ni Iruzee! [sep] Knowledge2:  Koko ni Iruzee! :   Koko ni Iruzee!            Single by Morning Musumefrom the album No.5  Native title ここにいるぜぇ！   Released October 30, 2002   Genre J-Pop   Format CD, digital download   Length 13:35   Label zetima    Producer Tsunku     Morning Musume Singles Chronology   Previous Next     Do it! Now 15th Single (2002) Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyoutanjima 17th Single (2003)      Koko ni Iruzee! (ここにいるぜぇ！; I'm Here!) is Morning Musume's 16th single. It was released on October 30, 2002 and sold 228,542 copies, peaking at #1 on the Oricon charts and charting for thirteen weeks.  ;  Koko ni Iruzee! : "Koko ni Iruzee!" ranked as the #64 single for 2002. ;  Koko ni Iruzee! : Total Reported Sales: 228,542 ; Koko ni Iruzee!: Can you list the top facts and stats about Koko ni Iruzee!?; Koko ni Iruzee!: Summarize this article for a 10 year old
Knowledge1:  In October 1992 Bevan Hannan of The Canberra Times declared "pub favourites Hunters & Collectors have definitely gone back to taws with" Cut by "relying heavily on the percussion influence which dominated their formative years". Allmusic's Mike DeGagne felt it was "brimming with high energy, explosive singing, and contagious hooks, making it one of this band's finest offerings". While the "bleakness in some of their songs is elevated by the instruments so that the conceptual message is understood, without the dismalness, making their music accessible". The band were nominated for Best Group at the 1992 ARIA Music Awards and Album of the Year for Cut in the following year. [sep] Knowledge2: Cut: Cut or CUT may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Stories was an American early 1970s rock and pop music band based in New York. The band consisted of keyboardist Michael Brown, bassist/vocalist Ian Lloyd, guitarist Steve Love, and drummer Bryan Madey, and had a Number 1 hit with a cover of Hot Chocolate's "Brother Louie." [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Short stories by genre: This category has the following 31 subcategories, out of 31 total.
Knowledge1:  On June 27, 2014, it was announced that composer Aaron Zigman would be scoring the music for the film. [sep] Knowledge2: Me!: Swift has stated that there are multiple Easter eggs in the video, and that there are three levels of them in the video, from most obvious to least obvious, which point to clues about the upcoming album, single, and tour. It was revealed that "You Need to Calm Down", a line Urie says to Swift at the beginning in French, would be the second single, and an "old-timey, 1940s-sounding instrumental version" of the song plays in the background in the same scene.[54] The album title Lover[55] was correctly guessed in advance.[56] Other potential titles that were speculated of being on the album were "Kaleidoscope",[57] "Home"[58] and "Awesome".[59] The portrait of The Chicks was later revealed to be a reference to a collaboration for the song "Soon You'll Get Better" on the album.[60]
Knowledge1: I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg  I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg (German:Ich hab mein Herz in Heidelberg verloren) may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg: I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg (German:Ich hab mein Herz in Heidelberg verloren) may refer to: ; I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg: It was a summer evening, Just twenty I had seen, When I kissed ruby lips and Hair of golden sheen. The night was blue and blissful, The Neckar flowed pristine, It was then I knew, it was then I knew, What all to me did mean.. ; I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg: I lost my heart in Heidelberg for all time, On a balmy summer night. In love head over heels, oh were she all mine, And like a rose, her laughing mouth my light. As by the gates she said: "Good-bye my lover," That last sweet kiss, it did confirm once more, I'd lost my heart in Heidelberg forever. My heart still beats on Neckar's shore. ; I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg: And once again the vines bloom, As then, on Neckar's shore, The years have passed so slowly, And I'm alone once more. And if you ask this fellow, Why he took none to wed, Then I will tell, then I will tell, My Friends, what to this led: I lost my heart . . . . ; I Lost My Heart in Heidelberg: by Harry S. Pepper and Friedrich Vesely alias Fred Raymond, 1925 (1900-1954)
Knowledge1: VS (VS バーサス) is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Keiko Yamada. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's shōjo magazine (aimed at teenage girls) Princess Comics. The individual chapters were released in 7 tankōbon volumes between June 1999 and December 24, 2001. The series is licensed in North America by CMX, which released the manga's 7 tankōbon volumes between April 1, 2006 and October 10, 2007. The story follows violinist, Reiji Saioin, as he strives to win the next Japanese National Music Contest with the help of his personal teacher, Mitsuko Hane, and his friends, Nachi Meiya and Aoi Kenzaki. Impeding his goal is Bartholomew Asakura, who ruined Hane's arm in the past, and his growing feelings for his teacher. [sep] Knowledge2: List of genres: Most often, however, a romance is understood to be "love stories", emotion-driven stories that are primarily focused on the relationship between the main characters of the story. Beyond the focus on the relationship, the biggest defining characteristic of the romance genre is that a happy ending is always guaranteed,[12][13] perhaps marriage and living "happily ever after", or simply that the reader sees hope for the future of the romantic relationship.[13]
Knowledge1: Seven Veils (Robert Rich album)  Seven Veils (1998) is an album by the U.S. ambient musician Robert Rich. It is inspired by Arab culture and music. from guitar and percussion. All pieces except track 3 were composed in just intonation. [sep] Knowledge2: Seven veils: Seven veils may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Alter Bridge's music is often characterized and described as "heavy, yet melodic." Their music has been listed under several genres including hard rock,    heavy metal,   alternative metal, post-grunge, progressive metal, and alternative rock, with elements of progressive rock, thrash metal, and classic rock. Alter Bridge's music is co-written by Kennedy and Tremonti and arranged by Alter Bridge; the band's lyrics are written primarily by Kennedy, although Tremonti wrote most of the lyrics and all of the music on One Day Remains. The lyrics on the first two Alter Bridge albums mainly touch on hope and overcoming regret, sadness, grief, loneliness, pain, and addiction. The subject matter on their third release, AB III, is noticeably darker, with lyrical themes mostly based on struggling with faith and a loss of innocence. [sep] Knowledge2: Bridge: The Oxford English Dictionary traces the origin of the word bridge to an Old English word brycg, of the same meaning.[1][2]: bridge1
Knowledge1: Deivos is a four-piece Polish brutal death metal band from Lublin.  Deivos was formed between 1997 and 1998 by guitarist Tomasz Kołcon of Engraved, guitarist Maciej Nawrocki, and vocalist Marcin Górniak of Ravendusk. The band recorded its first demo, Praised by Generations, in 1999 with the aid of a drum machine. In 2000, drummer Krzysztof Saran of Abusiveness and bassist Jarek Pieńkoś joined the line-up. Near the end of 2001, Nawrocki and Górniak left the band, and Pieńkoś took over the band's vocals. In 2003, Deivos recorded the mini CD Hostile Blood, gaining them popularity in the metal underground as well as a deal with the Butchery Music label. The band's line-up was completed in 2004 with the addition of Abusiveness guitarist Mścisław, and their first full-length album, Emanation from Below, was recorded and released in 2006. In May 2009, the band signed with Unique Leader Records. Unique Leader Records released the band's third studio album, Gospel of Maggots, in February 2010. Then, in 2011, another album was released: Demiurge of the Void. Deivos (band)  Deivos is a four-piece Polish brutal death metal band from Lublin. [sep] Knowledge2: Deivos (band): Deivos is a four-piece Polish brutal death metal band from Lublin. ; Deivos (band): Deivos was formed between 1997 and 1998 by guitarist Tomasz Kołcon of Engraved, guitarist Maciej Nawrocki, and vocalist Marcin Górniak of Ravendusk. The band recorded its first demo, Praised by Generations, in 1999 with the aid of a drum machine. In 2000, drummer Krzysztof Saran of Abusiveness and bassist Jarek Pieńkoś joined the line-up. Near the end of 2001, Nawrocki and Górniak left the band, and Pieńkoś took over the band's vocals. In 2003, Deivos recorded the mini CD Hostile Blood, gaining them popularity in the metal underground as well as a deal with the Butchery Music label. The band's line-up was completed in 2004 with the addition of Abusiveness guitarist Mścisław, and their first full-length album, Emanation from Below, was recorded and released in 2006.[1] In May 2009, the band signed with Unique Leader Records. Unique Leader Records released the band's third studio album, Gospel of Maggots, in February 2010. Then, in 2011, another album was released: Demiurge of the Void.[2] ; Deivos: Deivos ist eine Technical-Death-Metal-Band aus Lublin, Polen, die im Jahre 1997 gegründet wurde. ; Deivos: Die Band wurde im Jahre 1997 von  Tomasz Kołcon (E-Gitarre), Marcin Górniak (Gesang) und Maciej Nawrocki (E-Bass, Drumcomputer, E-Gitarre) gegründet. Im Jahre 1999 nahm die Band ihre erste Demo namens Praised by Generations und veröffentlichte diese über Broken Mind Records. Aufgrund  des Fehlens von Bassist und Schlagzeuger waren Live-Auftritte jedoch noch nicht möglich.  ; Deivos: Dies änderte sich Mitte des Jahres 2000, als Schlagzeuger Krzysztof Saran und Bassist Jaroslaw Pieńkoś der Band beitraten. Maciek und Marcin verließen die Band gegen Ende 2001. Bassist Jaroslaw übernahm nun auch den Posten des Sängers. Die Band hatte nun nur noch einen Gitarristen.[1]
Knowledge1:  Martinez has cited the Beatles, Neutral Milk Hotel, Feist, Kimbra, Zooey Deschanel, Regina Spektor, and CocoRosie as influences of hers. Specific albums which have influenced her music include The Idler Wheel... by Fiona Apple and Ariana Grande's albums Yours Truly and My Everything. She attributes the "heavy hip-hop influence" in her music to her father playing hip-hop music in the family's house often during her childhood. The visuals in Martinez's music videos have been influenced by her favorite visual artists: Mark Ryden, Aleksandra Waliszewska and Nicoletta Ceccoli. She named Tim Burton as a large influence of hers, and has said that to make a movie with him would be her "one dream". [sep] Knowledge2: Cliff Martinez: On April 14, 2012, Martinez was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Red Hot Chili Peppers.[2]
Knowledge1: Chariot Race is a 2D racing game for the Commodore VIC-20 home computer published in 1983 by Micro-Antics. Each player attempts to take out the opponent's chariot on the way to the finish. The design, programming, and sound were done by Paul Hope, who died in 2011. Chariot Race  Chariot Race is a top-down racing game for the VIC-20 home computer published in 1983 by Micro-Antics. Each player attempts to take out the opponent's chariot on the way to the finish. The design, programming, and sound were done by Paul Hope, who died in 2011.<ref name="gtw"/> [sep] Knowledge2: Chariot racing: The charioteers had to keep to their own lanes for the first two laps. Then they were free to jockey for position, cutting across the paths of their competitors, moving as close to the spina as they could, and whenever possible forcing their opponents to find another, much longer route forwards. Every team included a hortator, who rode horseback and signalled their faction's charioteers to help them navigate the dangers of the track.[61] Roman drivers wrapped the reins round their waist, and steered using their body weight; with the reins looped around their torsos, they could lean from one side to the other to direct the horses' movement while keeping the hands free "for the whip and such".[62][63] A driver who became entangled in a crash risked being trampled or dragged along the track by his own horses; charioteers carried a curved knife (falx) to cut their reins, and wore helmets and other protective gear.[62][58] Spectacular crashes in which the chariot was destroyed and the charioteer and horses were incapacitated were called naufragia, (a "shipwreck").[64]
Knowledge1: Progression is Markus Schulz's second Artist Album and was released in 2007. This progressive trance album was released under exclusive license in the United States and Canada to Ultra Records Inc. The album features the vocals of Kate Cameron, Anita Kelsey, Carrie Skipper and Dauby Talles. It also includes collaborations with Chakra and Andy Moor. [sep] Knowledge2: Progression: In other fields:
Knowledge1: The Take is a Canadian documentary film released in 2004 by the wife and husband team of Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis. It tells the story of workers in Buenos Aires, Argentina who reclaim control of a closed Forja auto plant where they once worked and turn it into a worker cooperative. [sep] Knowledge2: The Take: Take or The Take may refer to: ; The Take (2007 film): This article about a 2000s crime drama film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Conversations is the second studio album by American rock band Roses Are Red.  Conversations is the first studio album and second album overall from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves, and was released on March 20, 2001, by INO Records. The producer on the album is Nate Sabin.  Conversations is the debut album by London-based group Woman's Hour. This album is mixture of indie pop, alternative and electronic pop. Adding swooning synths, clipped rhythms, and muted guitars, "Conversations" is new wave with a twist of some nocturnal R&B and soft disco.  Conversations is From a Second Story Window's second and final full-length studio album. It was released on May 27, 2008. This album is a concept album, telling the stories of people of the world and the conversations they have with each other. [sep] Knowledge2: Conversations (song): The song opens with "a chilling intro", followed by, as noted by Billboard's Michael Saponara, Juice Wrld chugging the Ronny J beat "like a Red Bull and gets right to naming all of the vices that have given him trouble along with his favorite fashion brands that became a staple in his wardrobe". Juice boasts on the line "I can have my cake and eat it too", directing it to his critics who he has grown impatient with.[2]
Knowledge1: Mars in fiction  Mars, the fourth planet from the Sun, has appeared as a setting in works of fiction since at least the mid-1600s. It became the most popular celestial object in fiction in the late 1800s as the Moon was evidently lifeless. At the time, the predominant genre depicting Mars was utopian fiction. Contemporaneously, the mistaken belief that there are canals on Mars emerged and made its way into fiction. "The War of the Worlds", H. G. Wells' story of an alien invasion of Earth by sinister Martians, was published in 1897 and went on to have a large influence on the science fiction genre.  Life on Mars appeared frequently in fiction throughout the first half of the 1900s. Apart from enlightened as in the utopian works from the turn of the century, or evil as in the works inspired by Wells, intelligent and human-like Martians also began to be depicted as decadent, a portrayal that was popularized by Edgar Rice Burroughs in the "Barsoom" series and adopted by Leigh Brackett among others. Besides these, more exotic lifeforms appeared in stories like Stanley G. Weinbaum's "A Martian Odyssey".  The theme of colonizing Mars replaced stories about native inhabitants of the planet in the second half of the 1900s following emerging evidence of the planet being inhospitable to life, eventually confirmed by data from Mars exploration probes. A significant minority of works nevertheless persisted in portraying Mars in a way that was by then scientifically outdated, including Ray Bradbury's "The Martian Chronicles".  Terraforming Mars to enable human habitation has been another major theme, especially in the final quarter of the century, with the most prominent example being Kim Stanley Robinson's "Mars" trilogy. Stories of the first human mission to Mars appeared throughout the 1990s in response to the Space Exploration Initiative. The moons of Mars—Phobos and Deimos—have made only sporadic appearances in fiction. [sep] Knowledge2: Mars (band): Mars were an American, New York City-based no wave experimental noise rock band, formed in 1975 when China Burg (née Constance Burg; a.k.a. Lucy Hamilton) (guitar, vocals) and artist Nancy Arlen (drums) brought Mark Cunningham (bass) and vocalist Sumner Crane together to talk about music.[1] They were joined briefly by guitarist Rudolph Grey.[2] The band played one live gig under the name China before changing it to Mars. They played a mixture of angular compositions and freeform noise music jams, featuring surrealist lyrics and non-standard drumming. All the members were said to be completely untrained in music before forming the band.[3] ; Mars (band): In 1978, Mars appeared on the influential No New York compilation LP produced by Brian Eno, along with DNA, Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, and James Chance and the Contortions, which helped to bring the nascent No Wave genre into the foreground.[5] An All Music reviewer wrote of their contributions: "Mars creates interesting music out of apparent chaos; the vocals are babbled and the guitars, bass and drums sound like they're weaving in and out of the song while going in several different directions at once, yet the band is oddly compelling in its crazed, cacophonous way."[6] ; Mars (band): Crane died of lymphoma on April 15, 2003. Arlen died on September 17, 2006, following heart surgery.[8] ; Mars: Dozens of crewless spacecraft, including orbiters, landers, and rovers, have been sent to Mars by the Soviet Union, the United States, Europe, India, the United Arab Emirates, and China to study the planet's surface, climate, and geology.[242] NASA's Mariner 4 was the first spacecraft to visit Mars; launched on 28 November 1964, it made its closest approach to the planet on 15 July 1965. Mariner 4 detected the weak Martian radiation belt, measured at about 0.1% that of Earth, and captured the first images of another planet from deep space.[243]
Knowledge1: Dimensions is the fifth full-length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on April 20, 2007. Stylistically, the album combines the up-tempo and melodic elements of the Eternity album with the more contemporary sound of The Circle of Life album. The mixing and mastering of the album was by Tommy Newton of Victory. It is a concept album set in a post-apocalyptic world, in the year 3051, in which a demon created by mankind has completely ravaged the world. The Japanese version includes the bonus track "The Quest (Unplugged Version)".  The original score was composed by Neely and recorded at British Grove Studios with the London Metropolitan Orchestra. [sep] Knowledge2: Dimensions (2011 film): Dimensions premiered as part of the 2011 Cambridge Film Festival (U.K.) and outsold, per screen, the U.K. premieres of Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Help and Midnight in Paris.[1]  After the Cambridge screenings, the film underwent a minor re-edit and was finished in early 2012. Dimensions was voted Best Film 2012 at the 37th Boston Science Fiction Film Festival and awarded the Gort Award.[2] Previous Gort Award winners have included Duncan Jones' Moon.[3] The film went on to win Best Film at the London Independent Film Festival [4] and Best Film at the Long Island International Film Expo.[5] Director Sloane U'Ren was also awarded Best Director at the Long Island International Film Expo.
Knowledge1:  Astro's Playroom is a 3D platforming video game. It was developed by Japan Studio's Team Asobi division and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 5. The game is a sequel to Astro Bot Rescue Mission and comes pre-installed on every console, serving additionally as a free tech demo for the DualSense controller. The game was announced on 11 June 2020, at the PlayStation 5 reveal event. It was released on 12 November 2020, in select territories, and worldwide on 19 November 2020. [sep] Knowledge2: Astro (Japanese band): Astro is a Japanese noise group, originally started in 1993 as a solo project of Hiroshi Hasegawa (長谷川洋, Hasegawa Hiroshi) of the group C.C.C.C. Hiroshi Hasegawa uses assorted analog equipment including vintage Moog and EMS synthesizers. His music covers a wide range of styles in the noise field, from space music to psychedelically-tinged harsh noise. Since 2013, Astro has been a duo of Hiroshi Hasegawa and Rohco (Hiroko Hasegawa), who has played with Astro since 2009.[1]
Knowledge1:  The Angel is a 2007 short sci-fi martial arts horror film directed by Paul Hough starring Eddie McGee, Celine Tien and Thomy Kessler. It was inspired by Eddie McGee, a disabled actor who was trained in wire-work. The short film received multiple film festival awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Angel (1999 TV series): Charles Gunn, who was introduced toward the end of season 1 in the episode "War Zone", is a street-tough leader of a gang of vampire hunters. He is initially determined to kill Angel but slowly comes to accept him and join his cause throughout season 2. Wolfram & Hart's star lawyer Lindsey McDonald primes Darla as its weapon to bring down Angel. However, Darla is brought back as a human, not a vampire. But as a human, she suffers from a terminal case of syphilis—which she had contracted in her original life before being sired. Lindsey brings in Drusilla, a vampire originally sired by Angelus, to restore Darla to the cause of evil. Enraged by this, Angel begins to grow darker. He cuts himself off from his staff (secretly to keep them away from this kind of dark territory for their own sake) and attempts to go after the pair himself. In despair, Angel sleeps with Darla (cf. "Reprise") but the next morning, he has an epiphany; seeing the error of his ways, he banishes Darla and reunites with his group. When Cordelia vanishes, Lorne, the flamboyant demon owner of karaoke bar Caritas, reluctantly takes Angel and his crew to his home dimension, Pylea, to rescue her. They return with Winifred "Fred" Burkle, a former physics student who has been trapped in the dimension for five long years.
Knowledge1: Tempting Danger, by Eileen Wilks, is the first full-length release and first novel in the World of the Lupi series. It premiered on October 5, 2004. Tempting Danger was nominated for the 2004 Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Award in the category contemporary paranormal romance.  This romantic suspense novel is the first novel Eileen Wilks wrote set in the World of the Lupi. After her editor (and the fans) enjoyed it so much Eileen asked if she could expand this short story into a full-blown series. Tempting Danger expands on this story and ends up taking the characters in different directions than the original short story. Tempting Danger  Tempting Danger, by Eileen Wilks, is the first full-length release and first novel in the "World of the Lupi" series. It premiered on October 5, 2004.  "Tempting Danger" was nominated for the 2004 Romantic Times Reviewers' Choice Award in the category contemporary paranormal romance. [sep] Knowledge2: Only Human (short story): This romantic suspense novel is the first novel Eileen Wilks wrote set in the World of the Lupi. After her editor (and the fans) enjoyed it so much Eileen asked if she could expand this short story into a full-blown series. Tempting Danger expands on this story and ends up taking the characters in different directions than the original short story.
Knowledge1: I'll Be There is a 2003 British-American comedy drama film directed and co-written by Craig Ferguson, who, in his directorial debut, also stars in the film with singer Charlotte Church in her film debut.  "I Will Be There" is a song featured on Northern Irish singer/songwriter Van Morrison's sixth album Saint Dominic's Preview (1972). The song is also the B-side to Morrison's single "Warm Love", released in 1973. [sep] Knowledge2: I Will Be There (Van Morrison song): "I Will Be There" was recorded in April 1972 at the Wally Heider Studios in San Francisco, along with "Saint Dominic's Preview" and "Redwood Tree".[4] It is one of few overtly jazz songs written by Morrison, and the first since the release of "Moondance" in 1970.[5] The song is led in by Tom Salisbury on piano, who also arranged the three songs from the session. Salisbury explained his contribution to the song:"I wrote the horn chart." "It was written with simple triads as the chords. We ran over that one ahead of the session and Doug Messenger expanded the progression by using four- and five-part jazz chords: G7(9), F(9,6,flat5), E7#9, etc."[6] Also featured in the song is a saxophone solo from long serving Jack Schroer.[7][8] The other members of the band used for the session were Doug Messenger on guitar, Bill Church on bass, Gary Mallaber on drums and Jules Broussard on saxophone.[4]
Knowledge1:  Detour for Emmy is a young adult novel by Marilyn Reynolds, published in 1993 by Morning Glory Press. It deals with the impact of an unexpected pregnancy on a teenage girl. Like other novels by the author, it is based on the life challenges of her students. Detour for Emmy  Detour for Emmy is a young adult novel by Marilyn Reynolds, published in 1993 by Morning Glory Press. It deals with the impact of an unexpected pregnancy on a teenage girl. Like other novels by the author, it is based on the life challenges of her students. [sep] Knowledge2: Drama (genre): Redirect to:
Knowledge1: Psychological drama  Psychological drama or psychodrama is a sub-genre of drama that places emphasis on psychological elements. It often overlaps with other genres such as crime, fantasy, black comedy, and science fiction, and it is closely related with the psychological horror and psychological thriller genres. Psychological dramas use these genres' tropes to focus on the human condition and psychological effects, usually in a mature and serious tone.   Psychological dramas explore thematic elements such as abandonment, coming-of-age problems, denialism, disability, distorted sequences, dysfunctional relationships, human sexuality, mental disorders, mood swings, odd behaviors, post-traumatic stress disorder, psychological abuse, psychedelic art, social issues, and other serious discussions that highlight both issues of the characters' lives and reality. [sep] Knowledge2: Lisa Loeb: In 2019, Loeb released a limited edition 12" red vinyl pressing of the song for the 25th anniversary of the song. The release included four unreleased versions of "Stay (I Missed You)", "Truthfully", "Waiting for Wednesday", and "I Do", recorded live in January 2013 in Japan.
Knowledge1: Lisa Shaffer is an American country music singer. Formerly signed to Lyric Street Records, she released her debut single, "Just One," in May 2007. The song peaked at number 55 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. She is an alumna of Northern Kentucky University. [sep] Knowledge2: Gone (Pearl Jam song): As previously mentioned, "Gone" was first performed live at the band's October 1, 2005 concert in Atlantic City, New Jersey at the Borgata Events Center in a solo performance by Vedder. The first performance of the song with the full band took place at the band's April 20, 2006 concert in London, England at the London Astoria.[1] Pearl Jam performed the song in 2006 for Sessions@AOL. Pearl Jam performed the song for its appearance on VH1 Storytellers in 2006. Live performances of "Gone" can be found on various official bootlegs, the "Gone" single, and the Live at the Gorge 05/06 box set.
Knowledge1: Gone Is Gone is an American rock supergroup formed in 2016. The band consists of Troy Sanders, singer and bassist of Mastodon, Troy Van Leeuwen, one of the guitarists of Queens of the Stone Age, Tony Hajjar, drummer of At the Drive-In, and Mike Zarin, a multi-instrumentalist and founder of Sencit Music who appeared with Van Leeuwen on Sweethead's Descent to the Surface. An eponymous EP was released on July 8, 2016, and the band released their debut album Echolocation on January 6, 2017. Their second album If Everything Happens for a Reason... Then Nothing Really Matters at All was released on December 4, 2020. [sep] Knowledge2: Compass: The U.S. M-1950 military lensatic compass does not use a liquid-filled capsule as a damping mechanism, but rather electromagnetic induction to control oscillation of its magnetized card. A "deep-well" design is used to allow the compass to be used globally with a card tilt of up to 8 degrees without impairing accuracy.[22] As induction forces provide less damping than fluid-filled designs, a needle lock is fitted to the compass to reduce wear, operated by the folding action of the rear sight/lens holder. The use of air-filled induction compasses has declined over the years, as they may become inoperative or inaccurate in freezing temperatures or extremely humid environments due to condensation or water ingress.[23]
Knowledge1:  Compass is a 2010 album by Jamie Lidell, released May 18. It is produced by Lidell and features additional production by Beck, Grizzly Bear's Chris Taylor, Lindsey Rome and Robbie Lackritz. [sep] Knowledge2: The Trials of Apollo: Apollo faces off against Python for the final time. He is quickly overpowered by the giant snake, who utters a prophecy saying Apollo will fall, and Apollo loses his bow. The arrow of Dodona sacrifices itself to defeat Python and finishes Python's prophecy, saying that Apollo will fall, but must also rise again. Apollo manages to blind Python and make him loosen his hold by hitting Python in the eyes with the arrow of Dodona as well as his elbow. He drags Python into Tartarus with him, fulfilling Python's prophecy in a literal sense.
Knowledge1: Apollo is a 2006 album by stoner rock band Nebula. Some enhanced copies of the CD include a video of Nebula playing the song "Future Days" live in Japan. [sep] Knowledge2: Ruth Berman Harris (cantor): Ruth met her soon to be husband, Laurence Harris, in Buenos Aires and they soon moved to Israel together and got married. On October 10, 1997, two weeks after they got married, they had their first son, Haim Ariel Harris. Two years later, on September 5, 1999, they had their second child, a daughter named Jessica Talia Harris. Ruth and Laurence had their final child on April 13, 2001, a boy named Jonathan Adam Harris.
Knowledge1:  at NBC, CBS and ABC for forty-eight years. She performed with Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony. Her jazz harp recordings were remastered, using materials from the Library of Congress, on a 2008 CD entitled Swing Time, issued by MSR Classic and Jazz Recording Company. Harris served on the faculty of the Hoff-Barthelson Music School and the Westchester Conservatory of Music. She co-directed the Purchase Music Ensemble, which sponsored the Aaron Copland Competition for Young Composers. In September 1978 Berman appeared at a benefit concert hosted by the Connecticut chapter of the American Harp Society, where she and cellist Lisa Bressler performed original compositions for harp and cello by Berman. Berman-Harris died on April 23, 2013, at the age of 96, at the Hospice of Arizona, in Peoria, Arizona. [sep] Knowledge2: The Box (2009 film): It was released on DVD, Blu-ray and digital download in the U.S. on February 23, 2010.[16][17]
Knowledge1:  The Box is a 2003 American film noir starring James Russo, Theresa Russell, Brad Dourif, Steve Railsback, Jon Polito, Michael Rooker, John Snyder and directed by Richard Pepin. Russo won the Best Actor Award at the San Diego Film Festival for his role in this film in 2004. [sep] Knowledge2: The Box: The Box may refer to:
Knowledge1:  In Deep is the fourth studio album by Argent, originally released by Epic Records in October 1973. It features the original full-length recording of "God Gave Rock and Roll to You", which reached No. 18 in the UK charts (U.S. No. 114) when released in edited form as a single later the same year. It was later remade by Kiss as "God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II" for the film Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey in 1991. [sep] Knowledge2: In Deep (book): In Deep is a collection of eight science fiction short stories by American writer Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1960 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, Rogue and other magazines.
Knowledge1:  AFI defines "fantasy" as a genre in which live-action characters inhabit imagined settings and/or experience situations that transcend the rules of the natural world. [sep] Knowledge2: Outline of fantasy:  Stock characters:
Knowledge1:  Just a Matter of Time is the fifth album released by the Randy Rogers Band, an American country music group. Their first album for a major label, it includes two songs which as singles charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: "Kiss Me in the Dark" at number 43 and "One More Goodbye" at number 53. It was produced by Radney Foster. The former Sons of the Desert lead singer Drew Womack co-wrote the track "If Anyone Asks". Just a Matter of Time (novel)  Just a Matter of Time is a 1973 thriller novella by British writer James Hadley Chase. [sep] Knowledge2: Just a Matter of Time (novel): Just a Matter of Time is a 1973 thriller novella by British writer James Hadley Chase.[1] ; Just a Matter of Time (novel): Alice Morely-Johnson is an old lady worth several million dollars. She had been a popular pianist, and now has retired to live in a penthouse with a chauffeur named Bromhead, who serves her impeccably. Her financial matters are handled by a banker named Chris Patterson, who does because he knows that Miss Morely-Johnson is fond of him and gives him costly gifts. When Miss Morely-Johnson’s companion-help goes away, she asks Patterson to search for one. Patterson falls for an applicant named Sheila, and Miss Morely-Johnson seems to like her because allegedly Sheila had played on stage with her father. ; Just a Matter of Time (novel): Patterson is excited about Sheila getting the job because he can meet her. What Patterson does not know is that Sheila has been fixed beforehand by Bromhead, who plans to execute the perfect crime of killing Miss Morely-Johnson and making it appear like an accident. That way, her insurance money goes to a nephew of hers, Harry, who is in love with Sheila as well. The plan was that, after Morely-Johnson's death, they would divide the money in three equal parts and move on. The plan begins to go awry, though, when the detective on duty in the penthouse senses something fishy about Sheila dressing up as someone else when leaving the flat.[2] ; Just a Matter of Time (novel): This article about a thriller novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Just a Matter of Time (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Reminiscence is Bonnie Pink's first cover album released under the Warner Music Japan label on June 22, 2005. Reminiscences (Carlyle)  Reminiscences (1881), by the historian and social critic Thomas Carlyle, is a posthumously published work containing two lengthy memoirs of the author's wife, Jane Welsh Carlyle, and friend, Edward Irving, together with shorter essays on his father and some of the literary friends of his youth. In most the emphasis is on his own relationship with the subjects. The book was begun in 1832, but mainly written in the year following Jane Carlyle's death in April 1866. Many of the book's first readers were shocked by the impression it gave of a harsh, gloomy, censorious personality and of a man racked by remorse over his failings as a husband; it did Carlyle's reputation as the sage and prophet of the Victorian era lasting harm. Nevertheless, it is characterized by great vividness and accuracy of detail, and by a comparatively direct, conversational style, and has been called an autobiographical masterpiece. [sep] Knowledge2: Reminiscence (EP): The group began promoting "Dun Dun" on February 6. They first performed the lead single on Mnet's M Countdown together with "Salute",[8] followed by performances on KBS' Music Bank, MBC's Show! Music Core and SBS' Inkigayo.
Knowledge1: My Way (Frank Sinatra album)  My Way is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra, released in 1969 on his own Reprise label.  The album is mainly a collection of then-contemporary pop songs, such as Simon and Garfunkel's "Mrs. Robinson", and The Beatles' "Yesterday", French songs such as "If You Go Away", and the anthemic title song "My Way", which effectively became Sinatra's theme song in this stage of his career.  On December 30, 1968 in Los Angeles, a few hours before going to celebrate the New Year 1969, at the Sands Casino from Las Vegas, "My Way" was recorded and mixed at EastWest Studios, then called Oceanway Recording. Later it was remixed and reissued by Concord Records in 2009 to mark its 40th Anniversary. Two bonus tracks were included, and new liner notes from Bono. The bonus tracks were a rehearsal of "For Once in My Life" from 1969, for Sinatra's eponymous Emmy Award nominated 1969 television special, "Sinatra", and a live 1987 performance of "My Way" at the Reunion Arena, Dallas, Texas.  Bono's liner notes had previously appeared as his New York Times Op-ed column on January 9, 2009. The article discussed Bono's personal relationship with Sinatra, and Sinatra's thoughts on Miles Davis. Bono also mused on Sinatra's performances of "My Way", and the new year. [sep] Knowledge2: My Way: Presley's studio version of the song, recorded in 1971, was included on the fourth disc of "Walk a Mile in My Shoes: The Essential '70s Masters".
Knowledge1: Our Time was released by folk music duo The Gordons on March 19, 2008. It was recorded and engineered, mixed, and mastered by Gary Gordon at Inside-Out Studio in Sparta, Illinois. [sep] Knowledge2: Our Time: Our Time may refer to:
Knowledge1: El honorable Señor Valdez (1973) (remake of El profesor Valdez) ; El cuarto mandamiento (1967) (remake of Teresa) [sep] Knowledge2: El honorable señor Valdez: El honorable señor Valdez es una telenovela mexicana  dirigida por Manolo García y producida por Valentín Pimstein para la cadena Televisa entre 1973 y 1974. Fue protagonizada por Ignacio López Tarso y María Elena Marqués.
Knowledge1:  the album's composition, claiming it's Ghersi's "most focused on [her] career" while noting that the vocals display her forward evolution. Rating the album with a perfect score, The Guardians Rachel Aroesti commented: "Exquisite opener Piel captures the interplay between poise and prostration that has made Catholic ritual such a rich artistic seam, while arch humour is provided by Whip – hyper-real lashing accompanied by the sound of a powering-down robot – and Desafío, which takes disposable Eurotrash pop and makes it worthy of pious contemplation." Pitchfork critic Kevin Lozano labeled the record with the tag "Best New Music", mentioning that [sep] Knowledge2: Piel: Piel may refer to:
Knowledge1: Collaboration West is an album by jazz vibraphonist and pianist Teddy Charles recorded in 1953 for the Prestige label. Four tracks from an earlier session were added to the 1993 CD release.  The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states: "Although there are some swinging sections, much of the music is quite complex with difficult arrangements and some polytonality... The music is thought-provoking if a bit cold and clinical, easier to respect than to love". Collaboration West  Collaboration West is an album by jazz vibraphonist and pianist Teddy Charles recorded in 1953 for the Prestige label. Four tracks from an earlier session were added to the 1993 CD release. [sep] Knowledge2: Collaboration West: Collaboration West is an album by jazz vibraphonist and pianist Teddy Charles recorded in 1953 for the Prestige label.[1][2] Four tracks from an earlier session were added to the 1993 CD release.
Knowledge1: Thin Ice (2011 film)  Thin Ice (originally released as The Convincer) is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Jill Sprecher and starring Greg Kinnear, Alan Arkin and Billy Crudup. [sep] Knowledge2: Thin Ice (2011 film): The film premiered locally in Minneapolis at the Walker Art Center on October 12, 2011, completely re-cut and retitled as Thin Ice.
Knowledge1: The Promoter is a 2013 independent feature documentary film made by Ragged Crow film production company. The film was produced by Sam Edwards and directed by Ed Edwards. The Promoter premiered at The London Independent Film Festival in 2013. It won two awards at the United Film Festival: Best Documentary Award and the Audience Award.  The film won Best Feature Documentary Award as well as the Audience Award at United Film Festival. At the Indie Gathering International Festival 2013 it was nominated Best Documentary and it also received a nomination for Best Film at The Portobello Film Festival 2013. [sep] Knowledge2: The Promoter (2013 film): The Promoter is a 2013 independent feature documentary film made by Ragged Crow film production company.[1] The film was produced by Sam Edwards and directed by Ed Edwards. The Promoter premiered at The London Independent Film Festival in 2013. It won two awards at the United Film Festival: Best Documentary Award and the Audience Award.
Knowledge1: Shine is the debut studio album by the English classical crossover singer-songwriter Mary-Jess Leaverland. It was originally released in August 2011, on the label Decca. The album follows her victory on Chinese television talent contest Min Xing Chang Fan Tian in December 2009. Leaverland described the album's sound as a "True hybrid between Classical and Pop with a filmic element and an Oriental thread". [sep] Knowledge2: Shine: Shine may refer to: ; Shine (Collective Soul song): The Smashing Pumpkins played parts of "Shine" during their 2010 tour.[29] Billy Corgan has expressed his hatred of the song and noted its similarities to the Smashing Pumpkins' song "Drown".[29] Corgan lost a lawsuit in the mid-1990s to Ed Roland after Roland was able to produce a demo tape featuring "Shine" that preceded the Smashing Pumpkins' release.[citation needed] ; Shine (Gwen Stefani song): "Shine" is a reggae pop and ska song that lasts three minutes and 24 seconds.[14][15][16] It is composed in the key of E minor using common time and a moderately fast tempo of 140 beats per minute.[16] Instrumentation is provided by strings, horns, a guitar, and a piano,[14][16][17] to create what Music Times' Carolyn Menyes described as a "crawling beat".[18] March Robisch of Thought Catalog described the single as having "that ska quality that made No Doubt so successful".[14] Digital Spy's Lewis Corner and Amy Davidson wrote that it is a "ska-flecked romp of pumped-up foghorns and plodding brass".[13] A writer from Capital XTRA described it as having a "mellow beat",[19] while Rolling Stone's Daniel Sannwald wrote it has a "party-vibe production".[15]
Knowledge1: Zones were a Scottish power pop and new wave band founded in late 1977, following the demise of PVC2 (formerly the bubbleglam and soft rock band Slik). [sep] Knowledge2: Zones (band): Zones were a Scottish power pop and new wave band founded in late 1977,[1] following the demise of PVC2 (formerly the bubbleglam and soft rock band Slik). ; Zones (band): Their next single, "Sign of the Times", released in July.[4] Zones also toured with Magazine and recorded a further session for John Peel.[5] On 1 June 1979, Zones released Under Influence,[6][7][8] an album of post-punk power pop.
Knowledge1:  The Gift was first published in Australia on 1 October 2002 by Penguin Books in trade paperback format. In 2004 it was released in the United Kingdom by Walker Books and in 2005 it was released under the title of The Naming in hardback format by Candlewick Press in the United States. The Gift was a short-list nominee in both the 2002 Aurealis Award for best fantasy novel and the best horror novel but lost to Sean Williams' The Storm Weaver and the Sand and A. L. McCann's The White Body of Evening respectively.  The Gift (aka The Naming) is 2002 fantasy novel by Alison Croggon. It is the first in her Pellinor quartet. [sep] Knowledge2: The Gift (2000 film): The Gift is a 2000 American supernatural horror thriller film directed by Sam Raimi, with a screenplay written by Billy Bob Thornton and Tom Epperson based on the alleged psychic experiences of Thornton's mother.[4] ; The Gift (2000 film): On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 57% based on 122 reviews, with an average score of 5.90/10. The site's consensus reads, "With a reported budget of around 10 million, The Gift is obviously a labor of love for those involved. Unfortunately, the A-list cast can't prevent the movie from becoming a by-the-numbers whodunit with an ending that's all but unsatisfactory."[6] On Metacritic it has a score of 62% based on reviews from 29 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".[7] Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade B on scale of A to F.[8] ; The Gift (2000 film): Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times gave it a mixed review and was critical that the "Characters lean too heavily toward the Southern grotesque, and the direction the plot is heading is more predictable than it should be." Despite praising the cast, Turan wrote: "Overly familiar material, even well done, cannot be made more intrinsically interesting than it is. Not even by Cate Blanchett and Keanu Reeves."[11] A. O. Scott of The New York Times wrote: "The picture is saved from mediocrity by Mr. Raimi's smooth competence, and by the unusually high quality of the acting."[12] Curt Fields of The Washington Post called it "So chock-full of stereotypes as to be a filmic Southern Country Safari" and advised "Don't Bother Opening This 'Gift'".[13]
Knowledge1: Gene Kelly  Eugene Curran Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996) was an American actor, dancer, singer, filmmaker, and choreographer. He was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style and sought to create a new form of American dance accessible to the general public, "dance for the common man."<ref name=":0" /> He starred in, choreographed, and co-directed with Stanley Donen some of the most well-regarded musical films of the 1940s and 1950s.  Kelly is best known for his performances in "An American in Paris" (1951), which won the Academy Award for Best Picture, "Singin' in the Rain" (1952), which he and Donen directed and choreographed, and other musical films of that era such as "Cover Girl" (1944) and "Anchors Aweigh" (1945), for which he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. "On the Town" (1949), which he co-directed with Donen, was his directorial debut. Later in the 1950s, as musicals waned in popularity, he starred in "Brigadoon" (1954) and "It's Always Fair Weather" (1955), the last film he directed with Donen. His solo directorial debut was "Invitation to the Dance" (1956), one of the last MGM musicals, which was not a commercial success.  Kelly made his film debut with Judy Garland in "For Me and My Gal" (1942), with whom he also appeared in "The Pirate" (1948) and "Summer Stock" (1950). He also appeared in the dramas "Black Hand" (1950) and "Inherit the Wind" (1960), for which he received critical praise.  He continued as a director in the 1960s, with his credits including "A Guide for the Married Man" (1967) and "Hello, Dolly!" (1969), which received an Oscar nomination for Best Picture. He co-hosted and appeared in "Ziegfeld Follies" (1946), "That's Entertainment!" (1974), "That's Entertainment, Part II" (1976), "That's Dancing!" (1985), and "That's Entertainment, Part III" (1994).  His many innovations transformed the Hollywood musical, and he is credited with almost single-handedly making the ballet form commercially acceptable to film audiences. Kelly received an Academy Honorary Award in 1952 for his career achievements; the same year, "An American in Paris" won six Academy Awards, including Best Picture. He later received lifetime achievement awards in the Kennedy Center Honors (1982) and from the Screen Actors Guild and American Film Institute. In 1999, the American Film Institute also ranked him as the 15th greatest male screen legend of Classic Hollywood Cinema. Gene (band)  Gene were a British rock band that rose to prominence in the mid-1990s. Formed in 1993, they were categorized by the UK music press as a Britpop band and often drew comparisons to the Smiths because of similarities to Morrissey in the demeanor and lyrical style of lead singer Martin Rossiter. Gene's music was influenced by the Jam, the Smiths, the Style Council and the Clash. [sep] Knowledge2: Gene (band): In the third week of January 2008, all four members of Gene briefly took to the stage again for their ex-manager Jerry Smith's 50th birthday party. They performed five songs at the 100 Club in London: "Be My Light, Be My Guide", "For The Dead", "Where Are They Now?", "London, Can You Wait?" and "Olympian".
Knowledge1: The Evil Dead  The Evil Dead is a 1981 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Sam Raimi, produced by Robert Tapert and executive produced by Raimi, Tapert, and Bruce Campbell, who also starred alongside Ellen Sandweiss, Richard DeManicor, Betsy Baker and Theresa Tilly. The film focuses on five college students vacationing in an isolated cabin in a remote wooded area. After they find an audio tape that, when played, releases a legion of demons and spirits, four members of the group suffer from demonic possession, forcing the fifth member, Ash Williams (Campbell), to survive an onslaught of increasingly gory mayhem.  Raimi, Tapert, Campbell, and their friends produced the short film "Within the Woods" as a proof of concept to build the interest of potential investors, which secured US$90,000 to begin work on "The Evil Dead". Principal photography took place on location in a remote cabin located in Morristown, Tennessee, in a difficult filming process that proved extremely uncomfortable for the cast and crew; the film's extensive prosthetic makeup effects and stop-motion animations were created by artist Tom Sullivan. The completed film attracted the interest of producer Irvin Shapiro, who helped screen the film at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. Horror author Stephen King gave a rave review of the film, which resulted in New Line Cinema acquiring its distribution rights.  "The Evil Dead" grossed $2.4 million in the US and between $2.7 and $29.4 million worldwide. Both early and later critical reception were universally positive; in the years since its release, the film has developed a reputation as one of the most significant cult films, cited among the greatest horror films of all time and one of the most successful independent films. It launched the careers of Raimi, Tapert, and Campbell, who have continued to collaborate on several films together, such as Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy.  "The Evil Dead" spawned a media franchise, beginning with two direct sequels written and directed by Raimi, "Evil Dead II" (1987) and "Army of Darkness" (1992), a fourth film, "Evil Dead" (2013), which serves as a soft reboot and continuation, and a follow-up TV series, "Ash vs Evil Dead", which aired from 2015 to 2018; the franchise also includes video games and comic books. The film's protagonist Ash Williams is also considered to be a cultural icon. [sep] Knowledge2: Evil (TV series): Evil has received critical acclaim, with particular praise for its acting, characters, writing, direction, and cinematography.[7][8][9]
Knowledge1: '''Pieter Jacobsz. Duyfhuysen''' (1608&ndash;1677) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre. Duyfhuysen was born and died in Rotterdam. According to the RKD he was also known as Colinchovius. He worked in Rotterdam except for a short stay in Haarlem, where he was probably a pupil of Torrentius, during the years 1625–1627. Pieter Jacobsz. Duyfhuysen  Pieter Jacobsz. Duyfhuysen (1608–1677) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre.  Duyfhuysen was born and died in Rotterdam. According to the RKD he was also known as Colinchovius. He worked in Rotterdam except for a short stay in Haarlem, where he was probably a pupil of Torrentius, during the years 1625–1627. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Zingende boerenfamilie Rijksmuseum SK-A-376.jpeg: Pieter Jacobsz. Duyfhuysen Pieter Jacobsz. Duyfhuysen died 1677
Knowledge1:  There were reports in 2013 of a South Korean erotic film adaptation by Jang Cheol-soo (set in North Korea), but the project seems to have been abandoned. [sep] Knowledge2: Serving You: Serving You is the fourth studio album by Hong Kong English pop, Cantopop singer Janice Vidal, released on 27 November 2008 under the record label Amusic in Hong Kong. Among the notable features of the album, the track 陰天假期 is a cover of Japanese singer Yuna Ito's Endless Story. ; Are You Being Served?: Other cast included future Magnum PI star John Hillerman as Mr Peacock, Charlotte Rae as Mrs Slocombe, Lorna Patterson as Miss Brahms, Tom Poston as Mr. Beane (the Mr. Grace equivalent), Larry Bishop as Mr. Lucas, Morgan Farley as Mr. Granger, and Don Bexley as Mr. Johnson (the Mash/Harman role).
Knowledge1:  Neighbours (French title: Voisins) is a 1952 anti-war film by Scottish Canadian filmmaker Norman McLaren. Produced at the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal, the film uses pixilation, an animation technique using live actors as stop motion objects. McLaren created the soundtrack of the film by scratching the edge of the film, creating various blobs, lines, and triangles which the projector read as sound.  Neighbours (पड़ोसी Paṛōsī "neighbours") is a 2014 Bollywood horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay. The cast includes Arbaaz Ali Khan, Roushika Reikhi, Shakti Kapoor, Gavie Chahal and Rufy Khan. The film was released on 14 March 2014. Neighbours was the first vampire film by the director, and the first Ramsay film to be set in a city, Mumbai, but Neighbours did not have a big theatrical release. Ramsay stated to the media: “My new film Neighbours is about a seemingly normal neighbour who turns out to be a vampire. We’ve cast a super-model Roushika Reikhi as a sexy vampire.” Neighbours (1952 film)  Neighbours (French title: Voisins) is a 1952 anti-war film by Scottish Canadian filmmaker Norman McLaren. Produced at the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal, the film uses pixilation, an animation technique using live actors as stop motion objects. McLaren created the soundtrack of the film by scratching the edge of the film, creating various blobs, lines, and triangles which the projector read as sound. [sep] Knowledge2: Neighbors (1981 film): Roger Ebert, reviewing for the Chicago Sun-Times, awarded the film three stars out of four, and wrote that "Neighbors is a truly interesting comedy, an offbeat experiment in hallucinatory black humor. It grows on you." Ebert also wrote approvingly of Belushi and Aykroyd as the leads, citing it as "brilliant casting, especially since they divided the roles somewhat against our expectations."[3] In his book Guide for the Film Fanatic, Danny Peary wrote, "I think this surreal comedy is imaginatively done, and perfectly conveys the lunacy of the two comics...I'm glad they went against type because both actors are at their absolute best." Peary argued that the "final picture is faithful to Thomas Berger's zany, satirical novel" but noted that he prefers "the film's happier ending."[4]
Knowledge1:  In Silence, along with Small Mercies, was re-issued by Rune Arkiv in 2003 as the compilation album The Early Years. [sep] Knowledge2: In Silence: In Silence may refer to:
Knowledge1: A Winter of Cyclists is a 2013 documentary film by Mike Prendergast. The film chronicles a group of Colorado participants as they attempt to complete a 52-day winter bicycle commuting challenge created by Scot Stucky. The challenge, known as “The Icy Bike Winter Commuting Challenge”, was created to encourage people to cycle to work from October to March, during the darker, colder and the snowier months of the year. The film captures the wide diversity in which riders adapt to new commuting logistics, adverse weather conditions and riding in the dark. And when the Colorado riders encounter an unexpected solidarity across the American continent and into Europe via Facebook, the film provides glimpses into a broader global winter cycling community that is just becoming aware of each other. Facebook Group members encourage each other, share weather reports, gear tips, and inspirational and touching personal stories. The film concludes with the results of the challenge and the riders reflection on their winter of cycling. A Winter of Cyclists  A Winter of Cyclists is a 2013 documentary film by Mike Prendergast. The film chronicles a group of Colorado participants as they attempt to complete a 52-day winter bicycle commuting challenge created by Scot Stucky.  The challenge, known as "The Icy Bike Winter Commuting Challenge", was created to encourage people to cycle to work from October to March, during the darker, colder and the snowier months of the year.  The film captures the wide diversity in which riders adapt to new commuting logistics, adverse weather conditions and riding in the dark. And when the Colorado riders encounter an unexpected solidarity across the American continent and into Europe via Facebook, the film provides glimpses into a broader global winter cycling community that is just becoming aware of each other. Facebook Group members encourage each other, share weather reports, gear tips, and inspirational and touching personal stories. The film concludes with the results of the challenge and the riders reflection on their winter of cycling. [sep] Knowledge2: A Winter of Cyclists: A Winter of Cyclists is a 2013 documentary film by Mike Prendergast. The film chronicles a group of Colorado participants as they attempt to complete a 52-day winter bicycle commuting challenge created by Scot Stucky.[1][2] ; A Winter of Cyclists: This article about a sports-related documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Citations Sources [sep] Knowledge2: Back to Back: Back to Back or back-to-back may refer to: ; Back-to-back film production: Filming back-to-back also minimizes the problem of actors visibly aging between sequels which do not have significant time gaps written in between them.  James Cameron referred to this problem as the "Stranger Things effect"—where characters who are supposed to be in high school are played by actors who appear to be a decade older—in order to explain why he filmed the second, third, and part of the fourth sequels to Avatar back to back.[3]
Knowledge1: I Didn't Know My Own Strength (Whitney Houston song)  "I Didn't Know My Own Strength" is a song performed by American singer Whitney Houston, taken from her seventh studio album "I Look to You" (2009).  The song was written by Houston and Diane Warren, and produced by David Foster, both of whom have written and produced for Houston before. The song was originally supposed to precede the album's U.K. release on August 31, 2009 and U.S. release on September 1, 2009 but was cancelled in favor of "I Look to You" and "Million Dollar Bill". However, the song was released on November 6, 2009 as a promotional single.  Her live performance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" was included in her 2014 live album, "". [sep] Knowledge2: Strength (band): Strength is a disco-rock band from Portland, Oregon, made up of Bailey Winters, John Zeigler, and Patrick Morris.  Their 2006 debut album, Going Strong, on Community Disco, was produced and recorded by Chris Anderson at Animal Kingdom, and mastered by Nilesh Patel at The Exchange.
Knowledge1: All the Years is a song that was recorded by the rock band Chicago, released on the 2008 album Stone of Sisyphus. It was written by Robert Lamm and studio session musician Bruce Gaitsch, the guitarist from the Night & Day Big Band album. This is the third track on the 2008 release. It was supposed to be the opening track on the original 1994 release. [sep] Knowledge2: Genre: Genette reflects upon these various systems, comparing them to the original tripartite arrangement: "its structure is somewhat superior to…those that have come after, fundamentally flawed as they are by their inclusive and hierarchical taxonomy, which each time immediately brings the whole game to a standstill and produces an impasse" (74). Taxonomy allows for a structured classification system of genre, as opposed to a more contemporary rhetorical model of genre.
Knowledge1: Let It Go (Keyshia Cole song)  "Let It Go" is a song by American R&B singer Keyshia Cole featuring American rappers Missy Elliott and Lil' Kim. It was written by Cole, Jack Knight, Cainon Lamb, Lil' Kim, and Missy Elliott for her second album "Just Like You" (2007) and samples "Juicy Fruit" by Mtume, and "Don't Stop the Music" by Yarbrough and Peoples, while also interpolating "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G., who also sampled "Juicy Fruit." An uptempo song written by all three artists with Jack Knight, Cainon Lamb and James Mtume and produced by Lamb and Elliott, it marked the first collaboration between any of the three artists with one another.  Released as the album's lead single, it debuted at number 74 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the issue date of July 7, 2007, and peaked at number 7, becoming Cole's third top ten hit single altogether and first top ten "Billboard" Hot 100 single as a lead artist. It also became Cole's first number-one hit on the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 50th annual ceremony, held in February 2008. "Let It Go" was ranked 59th on "Rolling Stone"s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007. The single sold over two million copies in the US and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). [sep] Knowledge2: Let It Go (disambiguation): "Let It Go" is a song from Disney's 2013 animated feature film Frozen. ; Let It Go (disambiguation): Let It Go may also refer to: ;  Let It Go : Disney Worlds: Wonderland • Deep Jungle • Olympus Coliseum/Underworld/Olympus • Agrabah • Atlantica • Halloween Town/Christmas Town • Neverland • Hundred Acre Wood • The Land of Dragons • Beast's Castle • Port Royal/The Caribbean • Pride Lands • Space Paranoids • Dwarf Woodlands • Castle of Dreams • Deep Space • La Cité des Cloches • The Grid • Prankster's Paradise • Country of the Musketeers • Toy Box • Kingdom of Corona • Monstropolis • Arendelle • San Fransokyo • Game Central Station/Niceland/Cy-Bug Sector/Candy Kingdom
Knowledge1: Patrick Topaloff  Patrick Topaloff (30 December 1944 – 7 March 2010) was a French comedian, singer, and actor.  The son of a Georgian father and a Corsican mother which, according to him, made him "a delicate Franco-Russian dessert", Topaloff began his career on Europe 1, where his comic antics drew a wide audience, especially among children who delighted in his many silly catch phrases. Popular singer Claude François encouraged him to try his hand at singing, and his recording of "Il Vaut Bien Mieux Etre Jeune, Riche et Beau" ("It's Much Better to Be Young, Rich, and Beautiful") became a major hit and the first of several gold records.  In the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s, writer/director Philippe Clair cast Topaloff in a number of slapstick comedy films similar to the "Carry On" series in the UK or those made by Jerry Lewis in the US after splitting with Dean Martin. His last feature film was "Drôles de Zèbres" for writer/director Guy Lux in 1977.  In his later years, problems in Topaloff's private life overshadowed his professional successes. Deeply in debt, he frequently worked without billing in an effort to avoid liens being placed on his salary. In 1995, he was sentenced to a year in prison for non-payment of alimony and taxes. Paroled after four months, he undertook a new and successful stage career. [sep] Knowledge2: Drôles De Zèbres: Fel y nodwyd, cyhoeddwyd y ffilm yn 1977. Ffilm fwyaf poblogaidd y flwyddyn honno oedd Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope sef ffilm wyddonias a sgriptiwyd gan y cyfarwyddwr ffilm George Lucas.
Knowledge1: Mean Girls  Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy film directed by Mark Waters and written by Tina Fey. The film stars Lindsay Lohan, Rachel McAdams, Lacey Chabert, Amanda Seyfried (in her film debut), Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Amy Poehler and Fey. It is based in part on Rosalind Wiseman's 2002 non-fiction self-help book, "Queen Bees and Wannabes", which describes female high school social cliques, school bullying, and the damaging effects they can have on students. Fey also drew from her own experience at Upper Darby High School as an inspiration for some of the concepts in the film. The plot centers on a naïve teenage girl navigating her way through the social hierarchy of a modern American high school after years of her parents homeschooling her while conducting research in Africa.  "Saturday Night Live" creator Lorne Michaels produced the film. Fey, screenwriter and co-star of the film, was a long-term cast member and writer for "SNL". Although set in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, the film was mostly shot in Toronto. Filming took place from September to November 2003. The film marks Lohan's second collaboration with director Waters, the first being "Freaky Friday", released a year earlier.  Released on April 30, 2004, the film grossed $130 million worldwide and developed a cult following.<ref>Multiple sources: [sep] Knowledge2: The Mark Waters Story: You can edit almost every page by Creating an account. Otherwise, see the FAQ. ; The Mark Waters Story:  The Mark Waters Story (1969) was an anti-smoking docu-drama based on the newspaper article “Cigarettes Were The Death of Me” written by reporter Mark Waters for the Honolulu Star-Bulletin.  Produced by Cliff Eblen and Hawaii Public Television.  Starring Richard Boone who was a Hawaii resident at the time.  Music by Jesse Kalima (whose score included “Richard Boone Slack Key”). ; The Mark Waters Story: References: Dave Donnelly, Star-Bulletin, August 12, 2001; Leslie Wilcox, PBS Hawaii, January 9, 2011; Herb Ohta Jr, Appreciation of History, 2011 ; The Mark Waters Story: This article "The Mark Waters Story" is from Wikipedia. The list of its authors can be seen in its historical and/or the page Edithistory:The Mark Waters Story. Articles copied from Draft Namespace on Wikipedia could be seen on the Draft Namespace of Wikipedia and not main one. ; The Mark Waters Story:  Follow us on Twitter !
Knowledge1:  Betrayal is an American drama television series that aired on ABC from September 29, 2013, to January 19, 2014. The series was developed by David Zabel and starred Hannah Ware. It is based on the Dutch drama series Overspel, broadcast by VARA. The pilot episode was directed by Patty Jenkins. Betrayal joined ABC's Sunday line-up after ABC's dramas, Once Upon a Time and Revenge. On May 9, 2014, ABC canceled Betrayal after one season. [sep] Knowledge2: Betrayal (1974 film): Journalist David Deal wrote in 2005 that the film was "mild in the terror department but the fears it depicts are very real nonetheless."[1]
Knowledge1: Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume One is a 2009 collection of 12 fantasy and science fiction short stories by author Tanith Lee, published by Wildside Press. Only one story, '"God and the Pig", is a previously unpublished work. The book includes Lee's very first published short story, "Eustace", originally issued in 1968. The book includes an introduction by Donald Wollheim. The story "The Lady of Shalott House" was nominated for a British Science Fiction Award, and "Where Does the Town Go at Night?" was nominated for a British Fantasy Award. Volume Two of this collection, titled Hunting The Shadows, was released in December 2009. "Tiger I" ; "Death Loves Me" ; "Anna Medea" ; "Ondralume" ; "After I Killed Her" ; "God and the Pig" ; "The Kingdoms of the Air" ; "Eustace" ; "These Beasts" ; "Cain" ; "The Lady of Shalott House" ; "Where Does the Town Go at Night?" Tempting the Gods contains the following tales: [sep] Knowledge2: Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1: Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume One is a 2009 collection of 12 fantasy and science fiction short stories by author Tanith Lee, published by Wildside Press. Only one story, '"God and the Pig", is a previously unpublished work. The book includes Lee's very first published short story, "Eustace", originally issued in 1968. The book includes an introduction by Donald Wollheim.; Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1: The story "The Lady of Shalott House" was nominated for a British Science Fiction Award, and "Where Does the Town Go at Night?" was nominated for a British Fantasy Award.; Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1: Volume Two of this collection, titled Hunting The Shadows, was released in December 2009.; Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1: Oops something went wrong: ;  Tempting the Gods : The last story in this collection, "Where Does the Town Go at Night?", was nominated to the British Fantasy Award for best short story in 2000.
Knowledge1: Let It Be (Beatles song)  "Let It Be" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 6 March 1970 as a single, and (in an alternative mix) as the title track of their album "Let It Be". It was written and sung by Paul McCartney, and credited to the Lennon–McCartney partnership. The single version of the song, produced by George Martin, features a softer guitar solo and the orchestral section mixed low, compared with the album version, produced by Phil Spector, featuring a more aggressive guitar solo and the orchestral sections mixed higher.  At the time, it had the highest debut on the "Billboard" Hot 100, beginning its chart run at number 6 and eventually reaching the top. It was the Beatles' final single before McCartney announced his departure from the band. Both the "Let It Be" album and the US single "The Long and Winding Road" were released after McCartney's announced departure from and the subsequent break-up of the group. [sep] Knowledge2: You Know My Name (Look Up the Number): The lounge section includes a reference to Denis O'Dell, associate producer on the A Hard Day's Night film, whom Lennon had also worked with on How I Won the War.[5] Partway through the song, Lennon introduces McCartney as "Denis O'Bell". The reference prompted numerous telephone calls to O'Dell's home by fans who said things such as, "We know your name and now we've got your number."[6][better source needed] ; You Know My Name (Look Up the Number): All four Beatles participated in the first three recording sessions on 17 May, 7 and 8 June 1967.[10] A saxophone part, played by Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones,[11][12][4] was recorded on 8 June.[11]
Knowledge1: Transit to Scorpio is a science fiction novel by British writer Kenneth Bulmer, written under the pseudonym of Alan Burt Akers. It is the first book in his Dray Prescot series of sword and planet novels, set on the fictional world of Kregen, a planet of the Antares star system in the constellation of Scorpio. It was first published by DAW Books in 1972. Bulmer's choice of the setting for the book, and for the series as a whole, is a subtle tribute to the Martian series of Edgar Rice Burroughs, the prototypical Sword and Planet romance. The star Antares, similar in brightness and hue to the planet Mars in the night sky,  Scorpio (instrumental)  "Scorpio" is a song by Dennis Coffey and the Detroit Guitar Band. It charted at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100.  The song has been sampled in several hip-hop songs since its release in 1971, most notably Mark Ronson's debut single "Ooh Wee", Public Enemy's "Night of the Living Baseheads", LL Cool J's "Jingling Baby", and Young MC's "Bust a Move".  In 2016, the song was featured in the American television drama series "Better Call Saul" in the episode "Inflatable". The song is played over a montage of lawyer Saul Goodman/Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) as he attempts to get himself fired. [sep] Knowledge2: Scorpio: Scorpio is the Latin word for scorpion. The name may refer to: ; Scorpio (instrumental): "Scorpio" is a song by Dennis Coffey and the Detroit Guitar Band. It charted at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100. ; Scorpio (instrumental): The song has been sampled in several hip-hop songs since its release in 1971, most notably Mark Ronson's debut single "Ooh Wee", Public Enemy's "Night of the Living Baseheads", LL Cool J's "Jingling Baby", and Young MC's "Bust a Move". ; Scorpio (instrumental): "Scorpio" was written by Dennis Coffey for his sophomore album Evolution.[3][4] The guitar line which begins the record actually consists of nine guitar riffs overdubbed on top of one another, spanning three octaves.[3] ; Scorpio (instrumental): It features Coffey on rhythm guitar; Rare Earth's Ray Monette and Joe Podorsek from the Detroit Guitar Band on guitar; Uriel Jones and Richard "Pistol" Allen on drums; Bob Babbitt on bass; "Bongo" Eddie Brown on congas; Jack Ashford on tambourine; and Earl Van Dyke on piano. Bob Babbitt and Eddie "Bongo" Brown perform solos. It was written by Dennis Coffey, produced by Mike Theodore, and arranged by both. Jim Burzzese directed recording, which took place at GM Recording Studios in East Detroit. Ray Hall was in charge of mixing, which took place in RCA Recording Studios in New York City.[5]
Knowledge1: Right There is a 2013 American short film written and directed by Nathan Suher. A romantic comedy about unrequited love, the film starred Ryan Hanley, Lauren Kennedy, Andre Boudreau, and Alexandra Cipolla. It was made as a modern-day silent film and intended by the filmmakers as a homage to the genre.  not selected by the Sundance organizers. Right There was subsequently entered into other competitions during the winter season including the Boston International Film Festival, Massachusetts Independent Film Festival, and the SXSW Film Festival. On April 26, 2014, Right There made its film festival debut at the 6th annual SENE Film, Music & Arts Festival in Providence, Rhode Island. It was screened at both the Cable Car Cinema and the historic Columbus Theater. Suher, who was in attendance with producer Lori Suher, was awarded "Best Regional Film". That same month, Suher was a guest on DiHard Radio where he discussed his early life and career, starting his first production company, and the making of Right There.  Right There was the ninth film produced by IM Filmworks, a local production company owned by director-producers Nathan Suher and Gregory Capello, as part of a series of comedy shorts set in Southern New England. Like many of their previous films, Right There was based in Suher's hometown of North Attleboro, Massachusetts. Right There (film)  Right There is a 2013 American short film written and directed by Nathan Suher. A romantic comedy about unrequited love, the film starred Ryan Hanley, Lauren Kennedy, Andre Boudreau, and Alexandra Cipolla. It was made as a modern-day silent film and intended by the filmmakers as a homage to the genre. [sep] Knowledge2: Right There (Nicole Scherzinger song): * Sales figures based on certification alone.^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone. ; Right There (film): Right There is a 2013 American short film written and directed by Nathan Suher. A romantic comedy about unrequited love, the film starred Ryan Hanley, Lauren Kennedy, Andre Boudreau, and Alexandra Cipolla. It was made as a modern-day silent film and intended by the filmmakers as a homage to the genre. ; Right There (film): The film follows a shy young man (Ryan Hanley) who one day falls in love with a woman (Lauren A. Kennedy) that he notices on a park bench eating her lunch. However, over the next 30 days, his attempts to gain her attention often meet in failure, due to awkward timing, bad luck and other humorous circumstances. A recurring theme in the film is the young man's daily contact with a nearby flower vendor (Andre Boudreau) who is usually the sole witness to his belated attempts to court the object of his affections.[1][2][3] ; Right There (film): Right There was the ninth film produced by IM Filmworks, a local production company owned by director-producers Nathan Suher and Gregory Capello, as part of a series of comedy shorts set in Southern New England. Like many of their previous films, Right There was based in Suher's hometown of North Attleboro, Massachusetts.[1][4][5] ; Right There (film): "This project came across my desk three years ago, and at the time it wasn't a fully thought out idea. I thought it needed to be changed so it had more of a dramatic structure and feel to it. Now it's a funny little story arc, and each day the stakes get higher and higher. It became an emotionally heavy story where it was originally a quirky little comedy video. It's got a lot of impact."
Knowledge1: El usurpador is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa for Telesistema Mexicano in 1967. El usurpador  El usurpador is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa for Telesistema Mexicano in 1967. [sep] Knowledge2: El usurpador: El usurpador is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa for Telesistema Mexicano in 1967.[1]
Knowledge1: Fire is a fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore, a companion book to her debut novel, Graceling. It tells the story of a young monster in the shape of a human who is hated because of her difference and supernatural abilities. The novel debuted at number four on The New York Times Best Seller list and won several awards.  Fire is an apocalyptic science fiction/horror novel by Alan Rodgers, published in 1990 as an original paperback from Bantam Books. It was reprinted by specialty publisher Wildside Press in 2000. [sep] Knowledge2: Fire (Bruce Springsteen song): "Fire" is a song written by Bruce Springsteen in 1977 which had its highest profile as a 1978 single release by the Pointer Sisters. The song was also released by Robert Gordon and Springsteen himself. ; Fire (Bruce Springsteen song): The first released recording of "Fire" was by neo-rockabilly singer Robert Gordon who had met Springsteen through E Street Band bass player Garry Tallent. They remained on friendly terms before Springsteen gave Gordon the song "Fire" after seeing a live gig by Gordon and Link Wray. According to Gordon, "it was a choice between 'Fire' and another new song but [Springsteen] decided to keep the other one for himself."[1] Springsteen played piano on Gordon's recording of "Fire" which was released on Gordon's 1978 album Fresh Fish Special, recorded in December 1977 at Plaza Sound Studios in Manhattan with veteran rock 'n' roll producer Richard Gottehrer co-producing with Gordon. ; Fire (Bruce Springsteen song): Bruce Springsteen envisioned "Fire" as a song which could be recorded by his idol Elvis Presley. It was written after Springsteen saw Presley perform at a May 28, 1977 concert at the Spectrum in Philadelphia. Springsteen said, "I sent [Elvis] a demo of it but he died before it arrived."[26] ; Fire (Bruce Springsteen song): Its omission from the Darkness on the Edge of Town album notwithstanding, "Fire" was included in the set list of the Darkness Tour and has been a Springsteen concert staple since then. On the 1986 Springsteen concert album Live/1975-85 "Fire" is represented by a December 16, 1978 performance at Winterland in San Francisco. Issued as a single, this version of "Fire" reached no. 46 on the Billboard Hot 100 and also charted in Ireland (no. 18), Canada (no. 42),[31] the UK (no. 54), and Australia (no. 82). The music video to promote the single was an acoustic performance of the song by Springsteen at a Bridge School Benefit concert in 1986. ; Fire (Bruce Springsteen song): The studio version of "Fire" was first released on The Promise box set (but the lead vocal was re-recorded in 2010, and overdubbed, replacing the original)[32] and a video version appeared on the associated The Promise: The Darkness on the Edge of Town Story as part of the Thrill Hill Vault Houston '78 Bootleg: House Cut DVD.
Knowledge1:  The Moment is the third album by Irish singer/songwriter Jimmy MacCarthy, released in 2002 by his own record label, Ride On Records. [sep] Knowledge2: The Moment (band): The Moment worked with several record producers during their career. Cult musicians Paul Bevoir and Edward Ball shared the production duties on the album The Work Gets Done (Rave, 1985). Paul Bultitude was responsible for "Poor Mr Diamond" (Big Stuff, 1988), while "Sticks And Stones" (Countdown, 1986) was produced by Pat Collier and Will Birch. Their later material was in the hands of Ian Shaw, who also engineered all their recordings from 1985 onwards.
Knowledge1: Strangers is a science fiction novel by American author Gardner Dozois, published in 1978. The novel was expanded from its original form as a novella, which first appeared in New Dimensions IV (edited by Robert Silverberg) in 1974. The novella was nominated for both the Hugo and Locus Poll Award, and has since been collected in Dozois's short fiction collection, Strange Days: Fabulous Journeys with Gardner Dozois. The expanded novel was originally published by Berkley Books, and was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel and the Locus Poll Award. It was reprinted by iBooks in 2003. [sep] Knowledge2: Strangers (Bring Me the Horizon song): The official music video for "Strangers" was premiered on YouTube one hour after the single was released on 6 July 2022. The video was directed by Thomas James, marking this the first time Sykes hasn't had music video directorial duties since "Mother Tongue".[19]
Knowledge1: Information Society (band)  Information Society (also known as InSoc) is an American band from Minneapolis–St. Paul, Minnesota, initially active from 1982 to 1997, primarily consisting of Kurt Harland Larson, Paul Robb, and James Cassidy; the latter two reconvened the band in 2006, initially with Christopher Anton as lead vocalist, then with Harland rejoining them as lead vocalist by 2008.  The group's breakout single was 1988's "What's on Your Mind (Pure Energy)", a dance song which spent 39 weeks on the dance chart, going straight to number one and would also peak at number three on the Hot 100 pop chart. The track included a vocal sample of Mr. Spock (Leonard Nimoy) from "Star Trek", saying "pure energy".  The band has been honored with a star on the outside mural of the Minneapolis nightclub First Avenue, recognizing performers that have played sold-out shows or have otherwise demonstrated a major contribution to the culture at the iconic venue. Receiving a star "might be the most prestigious public honor an artist can receive in Minneapolis," according to journalist Steve Marsh. [sep] Knowledge2: List of genres: In satire, human or individual vices, follies, abuses, or shortcomings are held up to censure by means of ridicule, derision, burlesque, irony, or other methods, ideally with the intent to bring about improvement.
Knowledge1:  Theatre (or theater) (Greek "theatron", θέατρον) is the branch of the performing arts concerned with acting out stories in front of an audience using combinations of speech, gesture, music, dance, sound and spectacle — indeed any one or more elements of the other performing arts. In addition to the standard narrative dialogue style, theatre takes such forms as opera, ballet, mime, kabuki, classical Indian dance, Chinese opera, mummers' plays, and pantomime. [sep] Knowledge2: History (theatrical genre): Dutch Renaissance and Golden Age
Knowledge1: Pink Floyd  Pink Floyd are an English rock band formed in London in 1965. Gaining an early following as one of the first British psychedelic groups, they were distinguished by their extended compositions, sonic experimentation, philosophical lyrics and elaborate live shows. They became a leading band of the progressive rock genre, cited by some as the greatest progressive rock band of all time.  Pink Floyd were founded in 1965 by Syd Barrett (guitar, lead vocals), Nick Mason (drums), Roger Waters (bass guitar, vocals), and Richard Wright (keyboards, vocals). Under Barrett's leadership, they released two charting singles and the successful debut album "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn" (1967). Guitarist and vocalist David Gilmour joined in December 1967; Barrett left in April 1968 due to deteriorating mental health. Waters became the primary lyricist and thematic leader, devising the concepts behind the band's peak success with the albums "The Dark Side of the Moon" (1973), "Wish You Were Here" (1975), "Animals" (1977) and "The Wall" (1979). The musical film based on "The Wall", "Pink Floyd – The Wall" (1982), won two BAFTA Awards. Pink Floyd also composed several film scores.   Following personal tensions, Wright left Pink Floyd in 1979, followed by Waters in 1985. Gilmour and Mason continued as Pink Floyd, rejoined later by Wright. They produced two more albums—"A Momentary Lapse of Reason" (1987) and "The Division Bell" (1994)—and toured in support of both before entering a long hiatus. In 2005, all but Barrett reunited for a one-off performance at the global awareness event Live 8. Barrett died in 2006, and Wright in 2008. The last Pink Floyd studio album, "The Endless River" (2014), was based on unreleased material from the "Division Bell" recording sessions. In 2022, Gilmour and Mason reformed Pink Floyd to release the song "Hey, Hey, Rise Up!" in protest of the Russo-Ukrainian War.  By 2013, Pink Floyd had sold more than 250 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling music artists of all time. "The Dark Side of the Moon" and "The Wall" were inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, and these albums and "Wish You Were Here" are among the best-selling albums of all time. Four Pink Floyd albums topped the US Billboard 200, and five topped the UK Album Chart. Pink Floyd's hit singles include "See Emily Play" (1967), "Money" (1973), "Another Brick in the Wall, Part 2" (1979), "Not Now John" (1983), "On the Turning Away" (1987) and "High Hopes" (1994). They were inducted into the US Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 and the UK Music Hall of Fame in 2005. In 2008, Pink Floyd were awarded the Polar Music Prize in Sweden for their contribution to modern music. [sep] Knowledge2: Genre: A music genre is a conventional category that identifies pieces of music as belonging to a shared tradition or set of conventions.[8] It is to be distinguished from musical form and musical style, although in practice these terms are sometimes used interchangeably.[citation needed] There are numerous genres in Western classical music and popular music, as well as musical theatre and the music of non-Western cultures. The term is now perhaps over-used to describe relatively small differences in musical style in modern rock music, that also may reflect sociological differences in their audiences.[citation needed] Timothy Laurie suggests that in the context of rock and pop music studies, the "appeal of genre criticism is that it makes narratives out of musical worlds that often seem to lack them".[9]
Knowledge1: Node (band)  Node is an Italian death metal band formed in Milan in 1994 and currently signed to Punishment 18 Records. Their last (sixth) full-length studio album, "Cowards Empire" was released in 2016. [sep] Knowledge2: Node (singer): Rijan Nabaz better known by his stage name Node (born 3 March 1990) is a Danish-Kurdish singer and rapper. ; Node (singer): He started in 2012 as a pop singer under the mononym Rijan releasing his song "Ligeglad". Very early on he recorded also the song "Farvel" that featured also the rapper Gilli accompanied with a music video and rap sequence by Gilli. The video enjoyed 500,000 views. He followed it up by "I mit hovede" also credited as Rajin.
Knowledge1:  In Deep is the fourth studio album by Argent, originally released by Epic Records in October 1973. It features the original full-length recording of "God Gave Rock and Roll to You", which reached No. 18 in the UK charts (U.S. No. 114) when released in edited form as a single later the same year. It was later remade by Kiss as "God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II" for the film Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey in 1991. [sep] Knowledge2: In Deep (book): In Deep is a collection of eight science fiction short stories by American writer Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1960 in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, Rogue and other magazines.
Knowledge1: If We Ever Meet Again  "If We Ever Meet Again" is a song by American producer Timbaland. It was released on December 1, 2009, as the fourth single from his third studio album "Shock Value II" (2009). The song features singer Katy Perry and served as the album's second worldwide single. Timbaland's brother Sebastian also has uncredited vocals at the end of the song. "If We Ever Meet Again" reached number one in the Czech Republic and New Zealand while peaking within the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. The song was later included on the deluxe edition of Perry's third studio album "Teenage Dream". [sep] Knowledge2: If I Ever Fall in Love: ^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.
Knowledge1: More Love (Smokey Robinson and the Miracles song)  "More Love" is a 1967 hit single recorded by the American soul group The Miracles for Motown Records' Tamla label. The single, included on the group's 1967 album "Make It Happen", later reissued in 1970 as "The Tears of a Clown". Kim Carnes's 1980 cover of the song reached the Top 10 of "Billboard"s Adult Contemporary and Hot 100 charts. [sep] Knowledge2: More Love (Smokey Robinson and the Miracles song): The most successful recording of "More Love" was a 1980 version by American singer Kim Carnes, included on her fifth studio album Romance Dance (1980). Carnes' version of "More Love" peaked at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100, spent two weeks at number nine on the Cash Box Top 100 and reached number six on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart.[12] A Spanish-language version of the song, "Más Amor", was also recorded and released in some territories in Latin America. The single was the first top-ten solo hit for Carnes, formerly of The New Christy Minstrels. Despite "More Love" being a success, the follow-up, "Cry Like a Baby", would miss the Top 40, peaking at number 44. This song would be Carnes' biggest solo hit until "Bette Davis Eyes" in 1981.
Knowledge1: The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman  The Remarkable Adventures of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman (sometimes referred to as "Lancelot Biggs: Spaceman") is a collection of humorous science fiction stories by Nelson Bond, published by Doubleday Books in 1950. It comprises eleven of the fourteen stories in Bond's "Lancelot Biggs" series. Sometimes described as a novel, it presents the stories in a sequence of twenty-seven numbered chapters. The collection was reissued in trade paperback by Wildside Press many years later; no mass market paperback edition was issued. [sep] Knowledge2: The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman: The Remarkable Adventures of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman (sometimes referred to as Lancelot Biggs: Spaceman) is a collection of humorous science fiction stories by Nelson Bond, published by Doubleday Books in 1950. It comprises eleven of the fourteen stories in Bond's "Lancelot Biggs" series. Sometimes described as a novel, it presents the stories in a sequence of twenty-seven numbered chapters. The collection was reissued in trade paperback by Wildside Press many years later; no mass market paperback edition was issued.; The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  Syrtash contributed to a number of titles published by Hundreds of Heads Books and served as the Special Editor of How to Survive the Real World (2006) and How to Survive Your In-Laws. She is the author of He's Just Not Your Type (And That's a Good Thing) (Rodale Books, 2010) and Cheat On Your Husband (With Your Husband) (Rodale Books, 2011). She is the co-author of It's Okay to Sleep with Him on the First Date (Harlequin Non-Fiction, July 2013). [sep] Knowledge2: My Husband Got a Family: It aired in Singapore on Channel U
Knowledge1:  Tower is a series of seven books that meshes themes of Westerns, high fantasy, science fiction, and horror. The protagonist Roland Deschain is a gunslinger whose image and personality are largely inspired by the Man with No Name from Sergio Leone's films. In addition, the superhero fantasy genre has been described as having been derived from the cowboy hero, only powered up to omnipotence in a primarily urban setting. The Western genre has been parodied on a number of occasions, famous examples being Support Your Local Sheriff!, Cat Ballou, Mel Brooks's Blazing Saddles, and Rustler's Rhapsody. George Lucas's Star Wars films use many elements of a Western, and Lucas has said [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Western (genre) films: This category has the following 20 subcategories, out of 20 total.
Knowledge1: Does It Look Like I'm Here? contains the same new age, krautrock and kosmische styles that were a part of their previous albums. However, in the words of journalist Derek Miller, it is much more "sharp", concise and pop music-influenced than their previous works. In categorising the album's overall style, critic Rick Anderson of Allmusic labeled it a "slightly uneasy borderland between ambient music and avant-garde experimentation." He compared the album's soundscape to that of 1970s electronic pop and synthesized classical music, consisting of slightly cheesy-sounding keyboard arpeggiations," "waveform generators," and "sweet-and-sour analog synth sounds." He called some of the record's material, including "Candy Shoppe," a more enthusiastic [sep] Knowledge2: Genre: Genette explained the integration of lyric poetry into the classical system by replacing the removed pure narrative mode. Lyric poetry, once considered non-mimetic, was deemed to imitate feelings, becoming the third "Architext", a term coined by Gennette, of a new long-enduring tripartite system: lyrical; epical, the mixed narrative; and dramatic, the dialogue. This new system that came to "dominate all the literary theory of German romanticism" (Genette 38) has seen numerous attempts at expansion and revision. Such attempts include Friedrich Schlegel's triad of subjective form, the lyric; objective form, the dramatic; and subjective-objective form, the epic. However, more ambitious efforts to expand the tripartite system resulted in new taxonomic systems of increasing complexity. Gennette reflected upon these various systems, comparing them to the original tripartite arrangement: "its structure is somewhat superior to most of those that have come after, fundamentally flawed as they are by their inclusive and hierarchical taxonomy, which each time immediately brings the whole game to a standstill and produces an impasse".
Knowledge1: The Other Man is a 2008 British-American psychological thriller film directed by Richard Eyre. It stars Liam Neeson and Antonio Banderas as competitors for a woman's (Laura Linney) love. Released in 2008, the film was a box office bomb, earning just over $1 million against its $15 million budget.  The Other Man received negative reviews from film critics. It currently holds a 15% rating on Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus: “Despite the best efforts of a talented cast, The Other Man is talky, witless and tension-free.” It was a box office bomb as well, earning just over $1 million against its $15 million budget.  The Other Man is a 1916 short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle. The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey. [sep] Knowledge2: The Other Man: The Other Man can refer to:
Knowledge1: Wake Up (Rage Against the Machine song)  "Wake Up" is a song by American rock band Rage Against the Machine. It is the seventh track from their self-titled debut album. While never released as a single, it remains a staple of their live shows and is usually played as the last song before the encore; the spoken word portion of the song, using a real memo from J. Edgar Hoover, is often replaced with a speech addressing contemporary issues, given by frontman Zack de la Rocha. It appears in the 1999 film "The Matrix" to punctuate the final scene, which has increased its exposure and cultural cachet. [sep] Knowledge2: Wake Up (Travis Scott song): ‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.
Knowledge1:  The Copper Elephant is a young adult science fiction novel by Adam Rapp. It was published 2 November 1999 by Front Street, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press. The story is told from the perspective of an eleven-year-old girl, Whensday Bluehouse. She lives in a future ruled by a fascist regime that employs child slave labor. She is on the verge of starvation throughout most of the book, and the future is bleak. Library of Congress CPD Summary: "In a world where children under twelve are used as slave labor in subterranean lime mines, eleven-year-old Whensday Bluehouse struggles to survive the continuous poison rains and evade the ruthless Syndicate soldiers." [sep] Knowledge2: The Copper (1958 film): This article related to a German film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy is a book about astronomy and cosmology, and is intended for a general audience. The book was written by Pierre-Yves Bely, Carol Christian, and Jean-Rene Roy, and published in English by Cambridge University Press in 2010. It was originally written in French. The content within the book is written using a question and answer format. It contains some 250 questions, which The Science Teacher states each are answered with a "concise and well-formulated essay that is informative and readable." The Science Teacher review goes on to state that many of the answers given in the book are "little gems of science writing". The Science Teacher summarizes by stating that each question is likely to be thought of by a student, and that "the answers are informative, well constructed, and thorough". The book covers information about the planets, the Earth, the Universe, practical astronomy, history, and awkward questions such as astronomy in the Bible, UFOs, and aliens. Also covered are subjects such as the Big Bang, comprehension of large numbers, and the Moon illusion. A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy  A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy is a book about astronomy and cosmology, and is intended for a general audience. The book was written by Pierre-Yves Bely, Carol Christian, and Jean-Rene Roy, and published in English by Cambridge University Press in 2010. It was originally written in French. The content within the book is written using a question and answer format. It contains some 250 questions, which "The Science Teacher" states each are answered with a "concise and well-formulated essay that is informative and readable." "The Science Teacher" review goes on to state that many of the answers given in the book are "little gems of science writing". "The Science Teacher" summarizes by stating that each question is likely to be thought of by a student, and that "the answers are informative, well constructed, and thorough".  The book covers information about the planets, the Earth, the Universe, practical astronomy, history, and awkward questions such as astronomy in the Bible, UFOs, and aliens.<ref name=AstronomyNow/> Also covered are subjects such as the Big Bang, comprehension of large numbers, and the Moon illusion.<ref name=AstronomyNow/><ref name=SciTeacher/> [sep] Knowledge2: A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy: A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy is a book about astronomy and cosmology, and is intended for a general audience. The book was written by Pierre-Yves Bely, Carol Christian, and Jean-Rene Roy, and published in English by Cambridge University Press in 2010. It was originally written in French.[1] The content within the book is written using a question and answer format. It contains some 250 questions, which The Science Teacher states each are answered with a "concise and well-formulated essay that is informative and readable." The Science Teacher review goes on to state that many of the answers given in the book are "little gems of science writing". The Science Teacher summarizes by stating that each question is likely to be thought of by a student, and that "the answers are informative, well constructed, and thorough".[2]; A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy: The book covers information about the planets, the Earth, the Universe, practical astronomy, history, and awkward questions such as astronomy in the Bible, UFOs, and aliens.[1] Also covered are subjects such as the Big Bang, comprehension of large numbers, and the Moon illusion.[1][2]; A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Buono! 2  Buono!2 (read as "Buono! Buono!") is the second album from the J-pop idol group, Buono!. The album was released on February 11, 2009, under the Pony Canyon label, in a regular version and a limited edition version. The regular edition (catalog number PCCA-02840) comes with a Buono! photocard, while the limited edition (PCCA-02839) includes a different photocard and a DVD. Its peak position on the Oricon weekly chart was #7.  The album includes several of Buono!'s previous singles– ""Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!", "Gachinko de Ikō!", "Rottara Rottara"" and ""Co-no-Mi-chi""– while also including the coupling tracks of ""Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!"" and ""Minna Daisuki"". [sep] Knowledge2:  Buono!2 : Each member has a song in which they have more solo lines than the other members. Tsugunaga's is "I NEED YOU", Natsuyaki's is "Shoushitsuten -Vanishing Point-" and Suzuki's is "OVER THE RAINBOW". ;  Buono!2 : Buono! promoting the album;  Buono!2 : Total Reported Sales: 19,857 ; Buono! 2: Buono! 2 is the 2nd studio album by Buono!. The album was released in both limited and regular editions; the limited coming with a bonus DVD. The regular edition and the first press of the limited edition came with one interchangeable cover out of four (one of each member or one of the group). The album reached #7 on the Oricon charts and charted for four weeks, selling 19,857 copies.
Knowledge1: The Blue Aura  The Blue Aura is a juvenile science fiction novel, the nineteenth in Hugh Walters' "Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A." series. It was published in the UK by Faber and Faber in 1979. [sep] Knowledge2: The Blue Aura: The Blue Aura is a juvenile science fiction novel, the nineteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series. It was published in the UK by Faber and Faber in 1979. ; The Blue Aura: A recent increase in UFO sightings on the island of Guernsey prompts the arrival of the Chris Godfrey and his friends. They meet 'The Visitors', angelic beings standing seven feet tall, but General Whittle believes the aliens are evil and plans to destroy them with a nuclear missile. ; The Blue Aura: This article about a children's science fiction novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Heaven (Bryan Adams song)  "Heaven" is a song by the Canadian singer and songwriter Bryan Adams recorded in 1983, written by Adams and Jim Vallance. It first appeared on the "A Night in Heaven" soundtrack album the same year and was later included on Adams' album "Reckless" in 1984. It was released as the third single from "Reckless" and reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1985, over a year and a half after the song first appeared on record. The single was certified Gold in Canada in 1985.  Heavily influenced by Journey's 1983 hit "Faithfully", the song was written while Adams served as the opening act on that band's Frontiers Tour, and features their drummer, Steve Smith. [sep] Knowledge2: Heaven (Bryan Adams song): * Sales figures based on certification alone.^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.
Knowledge1: Heist (2015 film)  Heist (also called Bus 657), is a 2015 American heist action thriller film directed by Scott Mann and written by Stephen Cyrus Sepher and Max Adams, based on the original story by Sepher. The film stars Robert De Niro, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Kate Bosworth, Morris Chestnut, Dave Bautista, Sepher, and Gina Carano. The plot of the film revolves around a casino heist by an employee who needs to pay for his sick daughter's treatment.  The film was released on November 13, 2015, by Lionsgate Premiere. [sep] Knowledge2: Heist (2001 film): The film generated more than $72 million in home video rentals in the United States.[4]
Knowledge1: Carl Valentin Falsen  Carl Valentin Falsen (27 May 1787–14 April 1852) was a Norwegian civil servant, a county governor, and Member of the Storting. [sep] Knowledge2: Carl Valentin Falsen: Carl Valentin Falsen (27 May 1787–14 April 1852) was a Norwegian civil servant, a county governor, and member of the Storting.[1] ; Carl Valentin Falsen: Falsen was born in Christiania, Norway. He was the son of Norwegian Chief Justice Enevold De Falsen (1755–1808) and Anna Henrike Petronelle Mathiesen (1762–1825). He was the brother of Christian Magnus Falsen.  Both his father and grandfather were senior justice officials. He was trained in the law and took his examination as a Candidate of Law  (cand. Jur.)  at the University of Copenhagen in 1806.[2][3] ; Carl Valentin Falsen: Carl Falsen was honored as a knight of the Order of the Polar Star in 1822.  He was made a commander in the Order of St. Olav in 1847.[1] ; Carl Valentin Falsen: Carl Valentin Falsen (født 27. mai 1787 i Kristiania, død 14. april 1852 i Kristiansand) var en norsk stortingsmann og amtmann. ; Carl Valentin Falsen: Carl Valentin Falsen var sønn av justitiarius Enevold Falsen og en yngre bror av Christian Magnus Falsen.
Knowledge1:  In a list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes drawn up by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted for by industry professionals, Blue Peter was placed 6th. In 1992, Blue Peter won the BAFTA for Best Children's Programme (Factual): Lewis Bronze. In 2008, Blue Peter was nominated for the BAFTA Children's Kids Vote Award. Asteroid 16197 Bluepeter is named in its honour. The asteroid was discovered on 7 January 2000, the day that the Blue Peter time capsules from 1971 and 1984 were unearthed. [sep] Knowledge2: Blue Peter: In addition to the standard "Blue" badge, several variations of the badge exist, for various achievements, including: ; Blue Peter: In 1973 a book about Paddington Bear's adventures with Blue Peter was published, called Paddington's Blue Peter Story Book. ; Blue Peter: In 1992, Blue Peter won the BAFTA for Best Children's Programme (Factual): Lewis Bronze.[143] ; Blue Peter: In 2008, Blue Peter was nominated for the BAFTA Children's Kids Vote Award.[144]
Knowledge1: Hans Holtedahl  Hans Holtedahl (8 December 1917 – 24 February 2001) was a Norwegian geologist. He was a professor of geology at the University of Bergen.<ref name="snl"/> Section::::Biography. He was born in Krisitania (now Oslo, Norway) a son of geologist Olaf Holtedahl (1885–1975) and Tora Gurstad (1889–1980). <ref name="snl"/>   In 1936, Holtedahl began studying chemistry and zoology at the University of Oslo.  In 1939, he joined a research expedition to Antarctica. Following the German occupation of Norway during spring 1940, he went to Great Britain. He became part of a Norwegian field unit in support of the Free Norwegian forces. Given six months leave in Edinburgh, he studied geology under geologist Arthur Holmes (1890–1965) at the University of Edinburgh.  In 1948 he took a master's degree at the University of Oslo and in 1957 he received his doctorate from the University of Bergen. He worked for the University of Bergen from 1949, and was appointed professor of Quaternary geology from 1967, and professor of marine geology from 1972. His doctor thesis treated the geomorphology and sediments on the continental shelf off the coast of Møre. He published a work on the geology of the Hardangerfjord in 1975. In 1952, Hans Holtedahl was honored by the Norwegian Geological Society with the Reusch Medal.  Section::::Personal life. During his studies in Edinburgh, he met the philology student Wendy Moira Lowe (1923–1978), who he married in 1946 and with whom he had three children.<ref name="nbl"/> [sep] Knowledge2: Hans Holtedahl: Hans Holtedahl (8 December 1917 – 24 February 2001) was a Norwegian geologist. He was a professor of geology at the University of Bergen.[1] ; Hans Holtedahl: He was born in Krisitania (now Oslo, Norway) a son of geologist Olaf Holtedahl  (1885–1975) and Tora Gurstad (1889–1980). [1] [2] ; Hans Holtedahl: In 1936, Holtedahl began studying chemistry and zoology at the University of Oslo.   In 1939, he joined a research expedition to Antarctica. Following the German occupation of Norway during spring 1940, he went to Great Britain. He became part of a Norwegian field unit in support of the Free Norwegian forces. Given six months  leave  in Edinburgh, he  studied geology  under geologist  Arthur Holmes (1890–1965) at the University of Edinburgh.[3] ; Hans Holtedahl: In 1948 he took a master's degree at the University of Oslo  and in 1957 he received his doctorate from the University of Bergen. He worked for the University of Bergen from 1949, and was appointed professor of Quaternary geology from 1967, and professor of marine geology from 1972. His doctor thesis treated the geomorphology and sediments on the continental shelf off the coast of Møre. He published a work on the geology of the Hardangerfjord in 1975. In 1952, Hans Holtedahl was honored by the Norwegian Geological Society with the Reusch Medal.[4] [1] ; Hans Holtedahl: During his studies in Edinburgh, he met the philology student  Wendy Moira Lowe (1923–1978), who he married in 1946 and with whom he had three children.[4]
Knowledge1: Richard III of Capua  Richard III (died 10 June 1120) was count of Aversa and prince of Capua briefly in 1120 between his anointing on 27 May and his death; he was the only son and heir of Robert I of Capua. He was an infant when his father died, and he fell under the regency of his uncle, Jordan. Richard III died within a few months and, though no contemporary chronicler blames him, some modern historians have cast doubt on Jordan's innocence. Jordan did succeed unopposed to the diminished Capuan throne. [sep] Knowledge2: Richard III of Capua: Richard III (died 10 June 1120) was count of Aversa and prince of Capua briefly in 1120 between his anointing on 27 May and his death; he was the only son and heir of Robert I of Capua.  He was an infant when his father died, and he fell under the regency of his uncle, Jordan.  Richard III died within a few months and, though no contemporary chronicler blames him, some modern historians have cast doubt on Jordan's innocence.  Jordan did succeed unopposed to the diminished Capuan throne. ; Richard III of Capua: This biographical article of a European noble is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Father ; Ma Yuanfeng (馬元豐), posthumously honored King Jingzhuang of Chu ; Wife ; Name unknown, mother of Ma Xizhen ; Major Concubines ; Consort Yuan, mother of Ma Xisheng and Ma Xiwang ; Lady Chen, mother of Ma Xifan ; Lady Hua, mother of Ma Xigao ; Children (Ma Yin had at least 35 sons, but the names of most of them were lost to history) ; Ma Xizhen (馬希振), became Taoist monk ; Ma Xisheng (馬希聲) (899–932), later prince ; Ma Xifan (馬希範) (899–947), later prince ; Ma Xiwang (馬希旺) (d. ~933) ; Ma Xigao (馬希杲) (poisoned by Ma Xifan 945) ; Ma Xi'e (馬希萼), later prince ; Ma Xiguang (馬希廣), later prince (died 950) ; Ma Xichong (馬希崇), later prince ; Ma Xizhan (馬希瞻) (died 949) ; Ma Xineng (馬希能) ; Ma Xiguan (馬希貫) ; Ma Xiyin (馬希隱) ; Ma Xijun (馬希濬) ; Ma Xizhi (馬希知) ; Ma Xilang (馬希朗) ; daughter, Empress Ma of Southern Han, wife of Liu Yan ; daughter, wife of Qian Chuansu (錢傳璛), son of Qian Liu the King of Wuyue [sep] Knowledge2: Ma Sui: Soon, though, with many of Li Huaiguang's subordinates turning against him, he withdrew from the Chang'an region to Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).  Li Sheng, who was then the commander of the Tang forces in the region, then recaptured Chang'an from Zhu Ci in summer 784, and Zhu Ci was killed in flight.  Li Sheng welcomed Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an.[11]  He subsequently put Ma Sui in charge of the operations against Li Huaiguang, along with Hun Jian and Luo Yuanguang (駱元光).  Ma was quickly able to get three prefectures previously under Li Huaiguang's control — Jin (晉州), Ci (慈州), and Xi (隰州) (all in modern Linfen, Shanxi) to surrender to him, and Emperor Dezong wanted to give him the command of the three prefectures as a new Jincixi Circuit (晉慈隰).  Ma declined — pointing out that, pursuant to his own recommendations, the three prefectures had already been promised to Kang Rizhi (康日知), who had stood up against Wang Wujun but whose Shenzhao Circuit (深趙, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang) had been promised to Wang Wujun as enticement for Wang Wujun to return to the imperial fold.  Emperor Dezong much approved of Ma's willingness to yield the three prefectures, and when Kang arrived, Ma transferred the three prefectures to Kang, with their treasuries intact, much to Kang's surprise and happiness.[2][12]  Ma subsequently continued to attack Li Huaiguang's territory, seizing it piece by piece.  However, with imperial forces lacking food, the opinion among the imperial opinions largely wanted to try to pardon Li Huaiguang and persuade him to resubmit to imperial authority.  Ma opposed, however, and when he was at Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Dezong in spring 785, he requested one more month of time to subdue Li Huaiguang, and Emperor Dezong agreed.[12]  He subsequently persuaded Li Huaiguang's officer Xu Tingguang (徐庭光), who was defending Changchun Palace (長春宮, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), to surrender, and then approached Hezhong with Hun and Luo.  Li Huaiguang, facing defeat, committed suicide, ending his rebellion, 27 days after Ma had requested one more month to subdue him.  Emperor Dezong gave Ma the additional title of Shizhong (侍中), the head of the examination bureau of government (門下省), a post considered one for a chancellor.[13]
Knowledge1: Theodelap or Theudelapius was one of the sons of Faroald, the first Duke of Spoleto. After the death of Ariulf in 601 or 602, Theodelap and his brother fought for the throne. Theodelap won and was crowned duke. He held the dukedom for more than half a century, until his death. His reign was nevertheless uneventful and he appears to have been largely or completely independent of royal authority throughout. He was succeeded by Atto. [sep] Knowledge2: Theodelap of Spoleto: Theodelap or Theudelapius[1] was one of the sons of Faroald, the first Duke of Spoleto.[2][self-published source?] After the death of Ariulf in 601 or 602, Theodelap and his brother fought for the throne.  Theodelap won and was crowned duke. He held the dukedom for more than half a century, until his death.[3] His reign was nevertheless uneventful and he appears to have been largely or completely independent of royal authority throughout. He was succeeded by Atto.
Knowledge1:  The characters of donors are numerous. Fairy godmothers were added to Sleeping Beauty by Perrault; no such figures appeared in his source, Sole, Luna, e Talia by Giambattista Basile. In the Grimm Brothers' variant of Cinderella, the protagonist is aided not by her fairy godmother but by her dead mother, as is the heroine of the Finnish variant, The Wonderful Birch. A great variety of other figures may also take this place. In Vasilissa the Beautiful, the heroine is aided by a wooden doll that her dying mother had given her; in Rushen Coatie, by a red calf sent to her by her dead mother, a calf that [sep] Knowledge2: Sperm bank: Donors are subject to tests for infectious diseases such as human immunoviruses HIV (HIV-1 and HIV-2), human T-cell lymphotropic viruses (HTLV-1 and HTLV-2), syphilis, chlamydia, gonorrhea, hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, cytomegalovirus (CMV), Trypanosoma cruzi and malaria as well as hereditary diseases such as cystic fibrosis, Sickle cell anemia, Familial Mediterranean fever, Gaucher's disease, thalassaemia, Tay–Sachs disease, Canavan's disease, familial dysautonomia, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, carnitine transporter deficiency and Karyotyping 46XY. Karyotyping is not a requirement in either EU or the US but some sperm banks choose to test donors as an extra service to the customer.
Knowledge1: Skyline (2010 film)  Skyline is a 2010 American science fiction disaster film directed by Greg and Colin Strause and co-produced and written by Liam O'Donnell. It stars Eric Balfour, Scottie Thompson, Brittany Daniel, Crystal Reed, David Zayas, and Donald Faison as a group of Los Angeles residents who witness an alien invasion while in a condominium.  The film was released on November 12, 2010, in the United States. Despite negative reviews from critics, "Skyline" was a box office success, grossing $68 million worldwide against its $10–20 million budget.  "Skyline" was followed by two sequels: "Beyond Skyline" (2017) and "Skylines" (2020). Both subsequent films were written and directed by O'Donnell, and produced by O'Donnell, the Strause brothers and Matthew E. Chausse. [sep] Knowledge2: Skyline (2010 film): Skyline was followed by two sequels: Beyond Skyline (2017)[6] and Skylines (2020); both were written and directed by O'Donnell and produced by O'Donnell, the Strause brothers and Matthew E. Chausse.
Knowledge1: Regal Embrace (foaled 1975 in Ontario) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by E. P. Taylor and raced under the name of his Windfields Farm, he was out of the mare Close Embrace, a daughter of Nentego who was a son of Never Say Die, winner of the 1954 Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes. Regal Embrace was sired by Vice Regent, a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee and a son of Northern Dancer who is regarded as the 20th century’s best sire of sires. Regal Embrace did not race as a two-year-old. At age three in 1978, he was conditioned for racing by future Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame trainer Mac Benson who had joined Windfields Farm that year. Ridden by another Hall of Fame inductee, Sandy Hawley, Regal Embrace defeated the great Overskate to win the 1978 Queen's Plate, Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race. In winning, Regal Embrace equaled the stakes record set by Victoria Park in 1960. Standing at stud in 1979, Regal Embrace eventually stood at Blue Sky Farms in New York State. As a sire, he met with modest success. [sep] Knowledge2: Farseer trilogy:  "I remember that first night well, the warmth of the hounds, the prickling straw, and even the sleep that finally came as the pup cuddled close beside me. I drifted into his mind and shared his dim dreams of an endless chase, pursuing a quarry I never saw, but whose hot scent dragged me onward through nettle, bramble, and scree."
Knowledge1:  Bertrand Albert ("Bert") Andrews Jr. was born on June 2, 1901, in Colorado Springs. His father was Bertrand A. Andrews and mother Laura Whitaker. When still a boy, the family moved to San Diego. Andrews studied at Stanford University but dropped out in 1924.  eventually graduated with a B.S. and M.S. from the New York University, and later as Doctor of Education from the Columbia University. He finished sixth in the 1962 NCAA championship. At the 1963 Pan American Games he won two bronze medals; in the 400 metres and the 4 x 100 metres relay with teammates Anthony Jones, Irving Joseph and Cipriani Phillip. He competed at the 1964 Olympic Games without reaching the final, and finally at the 1966 Commonwealth Games he finished eighth in the 4 x 110 yards relay with teammates Henry Noel, Cipriani Phillip and Winston Short. In 2008, Bertrand was inducted into the Trinidad and Tobago Hall of Fame along with other well respected and deserving Trinidadian athletes. His wife Phoebe Yuille Bertrand died in 2003. His daughter, Lisa Bertrand Brathwaite, is a lawyer in New York. [sep] Knowledge2: Bert Bertrand:  Bert Bertrand was a journalist from Belgium. He was the son of the cartoonist Yvan Delporte. He played a major role in the early days of punk rock in Belgium. In 1983, he committed suicide. He may also have been the one to be responsible for the name Plastic Bertrand.[citation needed]. ; Bert Bertrand: Bert Bertrand est un journaliste belge des années 1970 spécialisé en musique rock. ; Bert Bertrand: Bert Bertrand était le fils du scénariste de bande dessinée Yvan Delporte. Il se suicida à New York en 1983. ; Bert Bertrand: Il collabora à la rubrique "Pop Hot", rubrique rock du magazine Télémoustique, créée par Piero Kenroll ainsi qu'aux revues rock "More!" et "En attendant" (ainsi nommée parce que les rédacteurs de "More!" s'étaient fait voler le titre de leur publication et en attendaient la restitution). ; Bert Bertrand: Bert Bertrand était le chanteur du groupe pop humoristique The Bowling Balls, avec Frédéric Jannin, Thierry Culliford et Christian Lanckvrind. On leur doit notamment les singles "God Save the Night Fever", "Visco Video", "You Don't Know What It's like to Be Alone in the House" et "The Boys/The Girls".
Knowledge1: Colcu  Colcu may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Colcu mac Domnaill:  Colcu mac Domnaill (died 580) was a member of the Cenél nEógain branch of the northern Uí Néill. He was the son of Domnall Ilchelgach (died 566) and grandson of Muirchertach mac Muiredaig (died 534) and brother of Eochaid mac Domnaill (died 572), considered high kings of Ireland.[1] He ruled as King of Ailech from 572 to 580.[2] ; Colcu mac Domnaill: This biography of a member of an Irish royal house is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Colcu: Colcu may refer to:
Knowledge1: Isaac Bledsoe Desha (January 1, 1802 &ndash; August 13, 1828) was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas. He was notable as the son of the Kentucky Governor, Joseph Desha. Shortly after his father's election as governor in 1824, Desha was accused of robbing and killing a man named Francis Baker, who was passing through Kentucky. Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime. Given the heated political environment of the Old Court-New Court controversy, allies of his father claimed that the governor's political enemies had framed   Isaac Bledsoe Desha was born January 1, 1802; he was one of thirteen children of Margaret (Bledsoe) and Joseph Desha. He was named for his maternal grandfather. Educated mostly in the local (Maysville, Kentucky) schools, for a time Isaac attended a school run by Mr. Bailey and boarded with Bailey's father. In October 1817, he was apprenticed to Archibald Logan, a tanner. He lived and studied with Logan until May 1821.  son. The governor's legislative allies passed legislation providing for a favorable change of venue for the trial, and the governor used his appointment power to ensure that sympathetic judges would hear the case. Isaac Desha was twice convicted, but both times, the judge in the case set aside the verdict on procedural grounds. While awaiting a third trial, Desha attempted suicide by slitting his throat, but doctors saved his life, reconnecting his severed windpipe with a silver tube. Shortly after the suicide attempt, Governor Desha issued a pardon for his son. Isaac Desha left Kentucky and assumed an alias. He   In November 1823, the young man married Cornelia Pickett. Desha's sister Ellen had previously married Pickett's brother James.  session of the court, but Governor Desha, who was present at the proceedings, stood and issued a pardon for his son, as well as lambasting the judge in a lengthy impromptu speech. Some accounts hold that the governor immediately resigned upon granting the pardon, but the official records reflect no such action. Following his release, Isaac Desha traveled to Texas under an alias, where he robbed and killed another man. He was identified based on family resemblance and the silver pipe that had earlier saved his life. After being arrested, he confessed to both murders. He died of a fever the day before his trial in August 1828. Isaac B. Desha  Isaac Bledsoe Desha (January 1, 1802 – August 13, 1828) was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas. He was notable as the son of the Kentucky Governor, Joseph Desha. Shortly after his father's election as governor in 1824, Desha was accused of robbing and killing a man named Francis Baker, who was passing through Kentucky. Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime.  Given the heated political environment of the Old Court-New Court controversy, allies of his father claimed that the governor's political enemies had framed his son. The governor's legislative allies passed legislation providing for a favorable change of venue for the trial, and the governor used his appointment power to ensure that sympathetic judges would hear the case. Isaac Desha was twice convicted, but both times, the judge in the case set aside the verdict on procedural grounds. While awaiting a third trial, Desha attempted suicide by slitting his throat, but doctors saved his life, reconnecting his severed windpipe with a silver tube. Shortly after the suicide attempt, Governor Desha issued a pardon for his son.  Isaac Desha left Kentucky and assumed an alias. He went to New Orleans. From there, he traveled with a man named Thomas Early to San Antonio, Texas. When Early went missing during their travels, Desha fell under suspicion. A former Kentuckian living in Texas recognized Desha. Arrested soon after Early's body was found, Desha confessed to the murder after being recognized by a second man from Kentucky. A day before his trial was to start, Desha died of a fever. A legend soon arose that he had faked his death and fled to Hawaii, where he married a native woman and fathered several children. Later historians have debunked that myth. [sep] Knowledge2: Isaac B. Desha: Isaac Bledsoe Desha (January 1, 1802 – August 13, 1828) was a 19th-century American tanner who was convicted of murdering one man in Kentucky, and confessed to murdering another in Texas. He was notable as the son of the Kentucky Governor, Joseph Desha. Shortly after his father's election as governor in 1824, Desha was accused of robbing and killing a man named Francis Baker, who was passing through Kentucky. Circumstantial evidence implicated Desha, who denied the crime. ; Isaac B. Desha: Given the heated political environment of the Old Court-New Court controversy, allies of his father claimed that the governor's political enemies had framed his son. The governor's legislative allies passed legislation providing for a favorable change of venue for the trial, and the governor used his appointment power to ensure that sympathetic judges would hear the case. Isaac Desha was twice convicted, but both times, the judge in the case set aside the verdict on procedural grounds. While awaiting a third trial, Desha attempted suicide by slitting his throat, but doctors saved his life, reconnecting his severed windpipe with a silver tube. Shortly after the suicide attempt, Governor Desha issued a pardon for his son. ; Isaac B. Desha: Isaac Desha left Kentucky and assumed an alias. He went to New Orleans. From there, he traveled with a man named Thomas Early to San Antonio, Texas. When Early went missing during their travels, Desha fell under suspicion. A former Kentuckian living in Texas recognized Desha. Arrested soon after Early's body was found, Desha confessed to the murder after being recognized by a second man from Kentucky. A day before his trial was to start, Desha died of a fever. A legend soon arose that he had faked his death and fled to Hawaii, where he married a native woman and fathered several children. Later historians have debunked that myth. ; Isaac B. Desha: Isaac Bledsoe Desha was born January 1, 1802; he was one of thirteen children of Margaret (Bledsoe) and Joseph Desha.[1] He was named for his maternal grandfather.[2] Educated mostly in the local (Maysville, Kentucky) schools, for a time Isaac attended a school run by Mr. Bailey and boarded with Bailey's father.[3] In October 1817, he was apprenticed to Archibald Logan, a tanner.[3] He lived and studied with Logan until May 1821.[3] ; Isaac B. Desha: In November 1823, the young man married Cornelia Pickett.[3] Desha's sister Ellen had previously married Pickett's brother James.[3]
Knowledge1:  1893, George became the managing editor of the Florida Citizen at Jacksonville, Florida. He returned to New York City in 1895. Upon the death of his father on October 29, 1897, he was nominated to succeed his father as the candidate of the Jefferson Democracy Party for mayor of New York City, but he was unsuccessful. He married Marie Morelle Hitch (born January 22, 1879 ) from Orleans Parish, Louisiana on December 2, 1897 and was a special correspondent in Japan in 1906. George was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 &ndash; March 4, 1915). However, he was not a candidate for reelection in 1914. He engaged in literary pursuits until his death in Washington, D.C. and was interred in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn. [sep] Knowledge2: George VI: In 1945, crowds shouted "We want the King!" in front of Buckingham Palace during the Victory in Europe Day celebrations. In an echo of Chamberlain's appearance, the King invited Churchill to appear with the royal family on the balcony to public acclaim.[89] In January 1946, George addressed the United Nations at its first assembly, which was held in London, and reaffirmed "our faith in the equal rights of men and women and of nations great and small".[90]
Knowledge1: Levan, son of Bakar (ლევან ბაქარის ძე) or Leon Bakarovich Gruzinsky (Леон Бакарович Грузинский) (6 September 1728 &ndash; 23 June 1763) was a Georgian prince of the Mukhrani branch of the royal Bagrationi dynasty. In Russia he bore the surname of Gruzinsky. Iakob Gruzinsky ; Dimitri Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Leon Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Alexander Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Marta Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Daria Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Maria Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Sofia Bagration-Gruzinsky ; Anastasia Bagration-Gruzinsky In 1752 Levan married Princess Aleksandra Yakovlevna Sibirsky (1728-1793), whose grandmother was sister of the Tsaritsa of Russia Agafya Grushetskaya. After the marriage Prince Levan moved to the village of Brynkovo, a dowry of his wife. Prince Levan lived 13 years in marriage and left a widowed 35-year-old wife. The couple had nine children, of whom, Princess Anna married Alexander Dadiani of the Georgian noble House of Dadiani. The children of Prince Levan with Princess Aleksandra Sibirsky were:  The 19th-century artist Pyotr Gruzinsky was Levan's descendant through his son, Iakob. He was the last direct male descendant of King Vakhtang VI of Kartli and the last in the Gruzinsky line.  Prince Levan was the son of Prince Bakar of Kartli who had followed his father Vakhtang VI of Kartli, the king of Kartli, into exile to Russia in 1724. Levan was educated at the University of Moscow and, beyond Georgian and Russian, commanded Latin, French, and German languages. Like many of his family members and relatives, he then pursued a military career. He served in the elite Izmaylovsky Regiment, attaining to the rank of second major of the Imperial Russian Army. Levan was keenly interested in history and authored one of the first Georgian textbooks in world history, outlining the history of about 50 countries and peoples. Prince Levan died on 23 June 1763. He was buried at the Donskoy Monastery in Moscow. Levan Gruzinsky  Levan, son of Bakar () or Leon Bakarovich Gruzinsky () (6 September 1728 – 23 June 1763) was a Georgian prince of the Mukhrani branch of the royal Bagrationi dynasty. In Russia he bore the surname of Gruzinsky. [sep] Knowledge2: Levan Gruzinsky: Levan, son of Bakar (Georgian: ლევან ბაქარის ძე) or Leon Bakarovich Gruzinsky (Russian: Леон Бакарович Грузинский) (6 September 1728 – 23 June 1763) was a Georgian prince of the Mukhrani branch of the royal Bagrationi dynasty. In Russia he bore the surname of Gruzinsky. ; Levan Gruzinsky: Prince Levan was the son of Prince Bakar of Kartli who had followed his father Vakhtang VI of Kartli, the king of Kartli, into exile to Russia in 1724. Levan was educated at the University of Moscow and, beyond Georgian and Russian, commanded Latin, French, and German languages. Like many of his family members and relatives, he then pursued a military career. He served in the elite Izmaylovsky Regiment, attaining to the rank of second major of the Imperial Russian Army. Levan was keenly interested in history and authored one of the first Georgian textbooks in world history, outlining the history of about 50 countries and peoples. Prince Levan died on 23 June 1763. He was buried at the Donskoy Monastery in Moscow.[1] ; Levan Gruzinsky: In 1752 Levan married Princess Aleksandra Yakovlevna Sibirsky (1728-1793), whose grandmother was sister of the Tsaritsa of Russia Agafya Grushetskaya. After the marriage Prince Levan moved to the village of Brynkovo, a dowry of his wife. Prince Levan lived 13 years in marriage and left a widowed 35-year-old wife. The couple had nine children, of whom, Princess Anna married Alexander Dadiani of the Georgian noble House of Dadiani. ; Levan Gruzinsky: The children of Prince Levan with Princess Aleksandra Sibirsky were: ; Levan Gruzinsky: The 19th-century artist Pyotr Gruzinsky was Levan's descendant through his son, Iakob. He was the last direct male descendant of King Vakhtang VI of Kartli and the last in the Gruzinsky line.
Knowledge1:  it significant that the Gospels do not record that Jesus saying his mother had conceived him without a human father. Weatherhead's theory that Jesus was the son of Zechariah later became part of the teachings of Sun Myung Moon's Unification Church. Encountering it in Weatherhead's The Christian Agnostic, Unificationist theologian Young Oon Kim adopted it as the best explanation of the birth of Jesus in her work Unification Theology, a standard textbook of the church. Christian author Ruth A. Tucker comments in her book Another Gospel: "Kim's Christology is a prime example of liberal theology.... By diminishing the role of Jesus, Kim paves the way for the exaltation of Sun Myung Moon." [sep] Knowledge2: God the Father: Greco-roman pagans believed in an original triad, with the time the names and gods of it were changed, except one, Jupiter, which means "Father Jove" and comoes from Proto-Italic Djous Patēr, from Djous (“day, sky”) + Patēr (“father”), from Proto-Indo-European Dyḗws (literally “the bright one”), root nomen agentis from Dyew- (“to be bright, day sky”), and Ph₂tḗr (“father”).
Knowledge1:  On January 17, 2013, Patrick Stewart, Carla Gugino, and Matthew Lillard joined the cast. [sep] Knowledge2: Match II: Match was bred by French hotelier François Dupré at his Haras d'Ouilly in Pont-d'Ouilly, France. The son of the champion Tantieme, he won important races in France at age two then at age three won in France and England before capping off an outstanding 1962 season with a win in the prestigious Washington, D.C. International at the Laurel Park racecourse in Laurel, Maryland. Ridden by Yves Saint-Martin, Match earned the "Best in the World" title, defeating the best turf horses from Europe, Russia, as well as the American entries, Carry Back, Beau Purple, and the great Kelso. ; Match II: Match retired to stand at stud in England but died on 26 September 1965 after only three seasons, at age seven. Among his limited offspring was the colt World Cup (b. 1965) who won the 1968 Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. A son, Ovaltine, was exported to Australia where he stood at stud.[2]
Knowledge1: Matthew Henry Richey (June 10, 1828 &ndash; February 21, 1911) was a Canadian politician in the 19th century. Richey was the son of Matthew Richey, Methodist minister from Nova Scotia. The family was of Ulster-Scottish ancestry, his father having immigrated to Canada. Richey studied law in Windsor, Ontario and Upper Canada, was called to the bar in 1850 and practised law in Halifax. He served on the city council and was twice elected mayor of Halifax. Richey was a Conservative politician and in 1878 he was elected to the Parliament of Canada. In 1883, he became the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, a position he held until 1888. Matthew Henry Richey  Matthew Henry Richey (June 10, 1828 – February 21, 1911) was a Canadian politician in the 19th century.  Richey was the son of Matthew Richey, Methodist minister from Nova Scotia. The family was of Ulster-Scottish ancestry, his father having immigrated to Canada.  Richey studied law in Windsor, Ontario and Upper Canada, was called to the bar in 1850 and practised law in Halifax. He served on the city council and was twice elected mayor of Halifax.  Richey was a Conservative politician and in 1878 he was elected to the Parliament of Canada. In 1883, he became the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, a position he held until 1888. [sep] Knowledge2: Matthew Henry Richey: Matthew Henry Richey (June 10, 1828 – February 21, 1911) was a Canadian politician in the 19th century. ; Matthew Henry Richey: Richey was the son of Matthew Richey, Methodist minister from Nova Scotia. The family was of Ulster-Scottish ancestry, his father having immigrated to Canada. ; Matthew Henry Richey: Richey was a Conservative politician and in 1878 he was elected to the Parliament of Canada. In 1883, he became the fifth Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, a position he held until 1888. ; Matthew Henry Richey: This article about a Canadian viceroy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Matthew Henry Richey: This article about a mayor in Nova Scotia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Wang Yuankui was born in 812, during the reign of Emperor Xianzong, when his father Wang Tingcou was probably serving as an officer under Wang Chengzong, then the military governor of Chengde, whose family Wang Tingcou was related to by adoption — as Wang Tingcou's great-grandfather Wang Wugezhi (王五哥之) was an adoptive son of Wang Chengzong's grandfather Wang Wujun. After Wang Chengzong's death in 820, the imperial government briefly took over control of Chengde, but in 821, soldiers led by Wang Tingcou mutinied and killed the imperially-commissioned military governor Tian Hongzheng, and Wang Tingcou subsequently took over as military governor, with the imperial government eventually capitulating and allowing him to do so. Sometime during Wang Tingcou's rule, he made Wang Yuankui one of the military commanders at Chengde's capital Zhen Prefecture (鎮州), as well as the commander of Chengde army. When Wang Tingcou died in 834, the soldiers supported Wang Yuankui to succeed him, and in 835, then-reigning Emperor Wenzong (Emperor Xianzong's grandson) commissioned Wang Yuankui military governor. It was said that Wang Yuankui changed Wang Tingcou's defiant stance toward the imperial government, and was respectful to the imperial government, often offering tributes to the emperor.  Wang Yuankui (812–854 ), formally Duke Zhong of Taiyuan (太原忠公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. Like his father Wang Tingcou, Wang Yuankui ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) in de facto independence from the imperial government, but unlike Wang Tingcou, he was respectful to the imperial government and often followed its orders. Wang Yuankui  Wang Yuankui (; 812–854), formally Duke Zhong of Taiyuan (), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. Like his father Wang Tingcou, Wang Yuankui ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) in "de facto" independence from the imperial government, but unlike Wang Tingcou, he was respectful to the imperial government and often followed its orders. [sep] Knowledge2: Wang Yuankui: Wang Yuankui (Chinese: 王元逵; 812–854[1][2]), formally Duke Zhong of Taiyuan (太原忠公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.  Like his father Wang Tingcou, Wang Yuankui ruled Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) in de facto independence from the imperial government, but unlike Wang Tingcou, he was respectful to the imperial government and often followed its orders. ; Wang Yuankui: Wang Yuankui was born in 812,[2] during the reign of Emperor Xianzong, when his father Wang Tingcou was probably serving as an officer under Wang Chengzong, then the military governor of Chengde, whose family Wang Tingcou was related to by adoption — as Wang Tingcou's great-grandfather Wang Wugezhi (王五哥之) was an adoptive son of Wang Chengzong's grandfather Wang Wujun.[3]  After Wang Chengzong's death in 820, the imperial government briefly took over control of Chengde,[4] but in 821, soldiers led by Wang Tingcou mutinied and killed the imperially-commissioned military governor Tian Hongzheng, and Wang Tingcou subsequently took over as military governor, with the imperial government eventually capitulating and allowing him to do so.[5] ; Wang Yuankui: Sometime during Wang Tingcou's rule, he made Wang Yuankui one of the military commanders at Chengde's capital Zhen Prefecture (鎮州), as well as the commander of Chengde army.[3]  When Wang Tingcou died in 834, the soldiers supported Wang Yuankui to succeed him, and in 835, then-reigning Emperor Wenzong (Emperor Xianzong's grandson) commissioned Wang Yuankui military governor.[6]  It was said that Wang Yuankui changed Wang Tingcou's defiant stance toward the imperial government, and was respectful to the imperial government, often offering tributes to the emperor.[3] ; Wang Yuankui: In 837, in response to Wang Yuankui's respectful attitude, Emperor Wenzong sent his cousin Princess Shou'an, a daughter to his uncle Li Wu the Prince of Jiang, to marry Wang.[1][3]  Wang sent his aunt Lady Duan to submit the bride price, and it was said that Lady Duan took to the capital Chang'an with her tributes of 2,000 plates of delicacies, armors, horses, cosmetics and furniture for the princess, and eunuchs and female servants.[3] ; Wang Yuankui: In 843, after Liu Congjian the military governor of nearby Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) died, Liu Congjian's designated heir, his nephew Liu Zhen, sought imperial commission to inherit the circuit, but then-reigning Emperor Wuzong (Emperor Wenzong's younger brother) did not approve, and instead ordered a general campaign against Liu Zhen.  As Emperor Wuzong and the lead chancellor Li Deyu were concerned that Wang, along with his neighbors He Hongjing the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) and Zhang Zhongwu the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) — whose three circuits traditionally determined their own military governors and resisted the imperial government from ruling over them — would militarily support Liu Zhen, Emperor Wuzong had Li Deyu draft an edict for him explicitly stating to Wang and He Hongjing that the situation with Zhaoyi was different and that he had no intent to get involved in the succession of military governors of Chengde or Weibo.  It was said that therefore, Wang and He Hongjing did not support Liu Zhen.[7]
Knowledge1:  1893, George became the managing editor of the Florida Citizen at Jacksonville, Florida. He returned to New York City in 1895. Upon the death of his father on October 29, 1897, he was nominated to succeed his father as the candidate of the Jefferson Democracy Party for mayor of New York City, but he was unsuccessful. He married Marie Morelle Hitch (born January 22, 1879 ) from Orleans Parish, Louisiana on December 2, 1897 and was a special correspondent in Japan in 1906. George was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-second and Sixty-third Congresses (March 4, 1911 &ndash; March 4, 1915). However, he was not a candidate for reelection in 1914. He engaged in literary pursuits until his death in Washington, D.C. and was interred in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn. [sep] Knowledge2: George VI: In 1945, crowds shouted "We want the King!" in front of Buckingham Palace during the Victory in Europe Day celebrations. In an echo of Chamberlain's appearance, the King invited Churchill to appear with the royal family on the balcony to public acclaim.[89] In January 1946, George addressed the United Nations at its first assembly, which was held in London, and reaffirmed "our faith in the equal rights of men and women and of nations great and small".[90]
Knowledge1: Lisa Marie Presley  Lisa Marie Presley (born February 1, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter. She is the only child of singer and actor Elvis Presley and actress Priscilla Presley, as well as the sole heir to her father's estate. Presley has developed a career in the music business and has issued three albums: "To Whom It May Concern" in 2003, "Now What" in 2005, and "Storm & Grace" in 2012. Her first album reached Gold certification with the Recording Industry Association of America. Presley has also released non-album singles, including duets with her father using tracks he had released before he died.  Presley has been married to musician Danny Keough, singer Michael Jackson, actor Nicolas Cage, and music producer Michael Lockwood. [sep] Knowledge2: Father absence: Early pubertal timing, or precocious puberty, is associated with negative outcomes in both genders. Early maturing girls have been found to be at risk for teenage pregnancy,[34] drinking[35] and weight problems,[36][37] and giving birth to low birth weight infants.[38] Early maturing boys are at risk for sexual promiscuity and delinquency[39] and testicular[40] and prostate cancer.[41] Individual difference in pubertal timing may be influenced by weight, physical activity, and genetics.[42]
Knowledge1: He was born in London, where his parents, Zanetta Farussi, an actress, and Gaetano Casanova, an actor and dancer, had a theatrical engagement. It was rumoured that his father was actually the Prince of Wales (who shortly after became King George II); whether for scurrilous motives or publicity is unclear. They returned to Venice when he was still young and, after his father's death in 1733, he and his siblings were placed in the care of the Grimani family. His career began in the workshops of Giovanni Antonio Guardi, a very unpleasant time for him, according to the memoirs of his brother Giacomo. Later, he moved to the studios of Antonio Joli,  Giacomo Guardi  Giacomo Guardi (13 April 1764 – 3 November 1835) was an Italian painter from Venice. The son of famous veduta painter Francesco Guardi, he continued his father's line of work, though without the same level of renown. The majority of his works are quite small views of only minor artistic interest, more akin to postcards than to his father's grand scenes, but he produced several paintings showcasing a notable level of artistic skill as well. Evaluating his legacy is somewhat complicated due to the frequency with which paintings are misattributed to him. [sep] Knowledge2: Giacomo Guardi: Giacomo Guardi (13 April 1764 - 3 November 1835)[1] was an Italian painter from Venice. The son of famous veduta painter Francesco Guardi, he continued his father's line of work, though without the same level of renown. The majority of his works are quite small views of only minor artistic interest, more akin to postcards than to his father's grand scenes, but he produced several paintings showcasing a notable level of artistic skill as well. Evaluating his legacy is somewhat complicated due to the frequency with which paintings are misattributed to him.[2] ; Giacomo Guardi: This article about an Italian painter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet PC (Ire) (1717 – August 1797) was an Irish politician. Capel was the son of Sir Thomas Molyneux, 1st Baronet and his second wife Catherine Howard,  daughter of Professor Ralph Howard. In 1738 he succeeded his brother Daniel to the title of Baronet and to all the  family estates except Castle Dillon, which he did not inherit until 1759, when the former wife of his late first cousin died. Capel graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1737 and received an honorary LLD in 1768. He was appointed High Sheriff of Armagh in 1744 and sat for Clogher in the Irish House of Commons from 1761 to 1768. Subsequently, he represented Dublin University to 1776 and then again for Clogher to 1783. He was invested to the Privy Council of Ireland in 1776. [sep] Knowledge2: Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet: Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet PC (Ire) (1717 – August 1797) was an Irish politician. ; Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet: Capel was the son of Sir Thomas Molyneux, 1st Baronet and his second  wife Catherine Howard, daughter of Professor Ralph Howard. In 1738 he succeeded his brother Daniel to the title of Baronet and to all the family estates except Castle Dillon, which he did not inherit until 1759, when the former wife of his late first cousin died.[1] ; Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet: Capel graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1737 and received an honorary LLD in 1768.[1] ; Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet: He was appointed High Sheriff of Armagh in 1744[2] and sat for Clogher in the Irish House of Commons from 1761 to 1768. Subsequently, he represented Dublin University to 1776 and then again for Clogher to 1783. He was invested to the Privy Council of Ireland in 1776. ; Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet: Can you list the top facts and stats about Sir Capel Molyneux, 3rd Baronet?
Knowledge1: Leif "Dodo" Claesson (born Leif John Claesson on 4 November 1959) is a Swedish photographer and actor. Born in Quebec, he currently lives and works in Stockholm. Studying at the Academy for Photography at the School of Industrial Arts in Stockholm, his first project outside of school assignments was his exhibition Parken (The Park). Claesson has participated in solo exhibitions throughout Sweden and in group exhibitions in Sweden, other parts of Europe, and the United States. He is the son of Stig Claesson. [sep] Knowledge2: Michael Claesson: On 30 June 2022, the Swedish government appointed Claesson as Chief of the Defence Staff in the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters from 1 January 2023. The then Chief of Air Force, Major General Carl-Johan Edström succeeded Claesson as Chief of Joint Operations as commander of the new Unit for Joint Operations. Edström was also promoted to lieutenant general.[4]
Knowledge1: Georg Adolf Erman  Georg Adolf Erman (12 May 1806 – 12 July 1877) was a German physicist.  Erman was born in Berlin as the son of Paul Erman. He studied natural science at the universities of Berlin and Königsberg, spent from 1828 to 1830 in a journey round the world, an account of which he published in "Reise um die Erde durch Nordasien und die beiden Ozeane" (1833-1848). The magnetic observations he made during his travels were utilized by Carl Friedrich Gauss in his theory of terrestrial magnetism. He was appointed professor of physics at Berlin in 1839, and died there in 1877.  From 1841 to 1865 he edited the "Archiv für wissenschaftliche Kunde von Russland", and in 1874 he published, with H. J. R. Petersen, "Die Grundlagen der Gauss'schen Theorie und die Erscheinungen des Erdmagnetismus" im Jahre 1829.  Erman married, Marie Bessel, daughter of Friedrich Bessel, and they were the parents of Johann Peter Adolf Erman. [sep] Knowledge2: Georg Adolf Erman: Georg Adolf Erman (12 May 1806 – 12 July 1877) was a German physicist. ; Georg Adolf Erman: Erman was born in Berlin as the son of Paul Erman. He studied natural science at the universities of Berlin and Königsberg, spent from 1828 to 1830 in a journey round the world, an account of which he published in Reise um die Erde durch Nordasien und die beiden Ozeane (1833-1848). The magnetic observations he made during his travels were utilized by Carl Friedrich Gauss in his theory of terrestrial magnetism. He was appointed professor of physics at Berlin in 1839, and died there in 1877.[1] ; Georg Adolf Erman: Erman married, Marie Bessel, daughter of Friedrich Bessel, and they were the parents of Johann Peter Adolf Erman. ; Georg Adolf Erman: This article about a German physicist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Adolf Erman: The Neuägyptische Grammatik (1880) dealt with texts written in the vulgar dialect of the New Kingdom (Dyns. XVIII to XX). Next followed, in the Zeitschrift für ägyptische Sprache und Alterthumskunde, studies on the Old Kingdom inscription of Unas, and the Middle Kingdom contracts of Assiut, as well as on an Old Coptic text of the 3rd century CE. At this point a papyrus of stories written in the popular language of the Middle Kingdom provided Erman with a stepping-stone from Old Egyptian to the Late Egyptian of the Neuägyptische Grammatik, and gave the connections that would bind solidly together the whole structure of Egyptian grammar (see Sprache des Papyrus Westcar, 1889). The very archaic pyramid texts enabled him to sketch the grammar of the earliest known form of Egyptian (Zeitschrift d. Deutsch. Morgenl. Gesellschaft, 1892), and in 1894 he was able to write a little manual of Egyptian for beginners (Ägyptische Grammatik, 4th ed., 1928), centering on the language of the standard inscriptions of the Middle and New Kingdoms, but accompanying the main sketch with references to earlier and later forms.
Knowledge1: Born in Catania, Louis was the son of King Peter II and Elisabeth of Carinthia. On the day of his birth, his father announced him as his heir in a proclamation to the municipal governments (universitates) of the realm. Louis was the first male child of Peter since the death of the firstborn, Frederick, in 1325. On 12 February, Peter issued a privilege to the city of Catania exempting it from the payment of the customary hospitality to the royal court. He also credited the intervention of Catania's patron saint, Agatha, on whose feast the child was born, for the successful delivery of a boy. Louis was [sep] Knowledge2: Louis Brisson: He desired to become a priest and studied for it from 1831-35 before the reception of the tonsure on 13 July 1835. He continued his studies from 1836-40 before being given the minor orders on 6 July 1838. He was made a sub-deacon in Sens on 25 May 1839 as his own bishop could not do it due to illness. Brisson was elevated into the diaconate on 21 December 1839.[2]
Knowledge1:  John Donkin (1802–1854) was a British engineer. He was a son of Bryan Donkin and worked in this father's company in Bermondsey, primarily on paper-making equipment. He married Caroline Hawes, granddaughter of William Hawes, notable as founder of the Royal Humane Society. Caroline Hawes was the sister of Sir Benjamin Hawes, brother-in-law of Isambard Kingdom Brunel. John Donkin was the father of Bryan Donkin Junior and grandfather of Sydney Donkin. He was first cousin of William Fishburn Donkin.  in 1898, resigning from his hospital posts. He was a member of the Royal Commission on Control of the Feeble-Minded in 1904–1908 and, upon retiring as commissioner, became medical adviser to the Prison Commission. He was interested in the psychology of crime, and viewed prisoners as if they were patients. He presented the Harveian Oration at the Royal College of Physicians in 1910, on the topic of "Inheritance of Mental Characters". He was appointed a knight bachelor in 1911, the honour being conferred by George V at St James's Palace on 23 February. A prominent member of the Savile Club, Donkin was also a rationalist and was involved with Ray Lankester in investigating and exposing spiritualists. He was friends with Karl Marx, and treated Marx, his wife Jenny von Westphalen, and their daughter Eleanor Marx. He died on 26 July 1927 in London. John Donkin  John Donkin (1802–1854) was a British engineer. He was a son of Bryan Donkin and worked in this father's company in Bermondsey, primarily on paper-making equipment. He married Caroline Hawes, granddaughter of William Hawes, notable as founder of the Royal Humane Society. Caroline Hawes was the sister of Sir Benjamin Hawes, brother-in-law of Isambard Kingdom Brunel.  John Donkin was the father of Bryan Donkin Junior and grandfather of Sydney Donkin. He was first cousin of William Fishburn Donkin. [sep] Knowledge2: John Donkin: John Donkin (1802–1854) was a British engineer. He was a son of Bryan Donkin and worked in this father's company in Bermondsey, primarily on paper-making equipment.  He married Caroline Hawes, granddaughter of William Hawes, notable as founder of the Royal Humane Society.  Caroline Hawes was the sister of Sir Benjamin Hawes, brother-in-law of Isambard Kingdom Brunel. ; John Donkin: John Donkin was the father of Bryan Donkin Junior and grandfather of Sydney Donkin.  He was first cousin of William Fishburn Donkin.
Knowledge1: Searching (film)  Searching is a 2018 mystery thriller film directed by Aneesh Chaganty in his feature debut, written by Chaganty and Sev Ohanian and produced by Timur Bekmambetov. Set entirely on computer screens and smartphones, the film follows a father (John Cho) trying to find his missing 16-year-old daughter (Michelle La) with the help of a police detective (Debra Messing). This was the first mainstream Hollywood thriller headlined by an Asian-American actor.  A co-production between the United States and Russia, the film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2018, and was theatrically released in the United States on August 24, 2018, by Sony Pictures Releasing. The film was a financial and critical success, grossing over $75 million worldwide against a $880,000 budget and receiving praise for its direction, acting, unique visual presentation and unpredictable storyline. At the Independent Spirit Awards, Cho was nominated for Best Male Lead.  A sequel, "Missing", is set to release on January 20, 2023. [sep] Knowledge2: Searching (film): Searching debuted to $388,769 from nine theaters in its limited opening weekend, for a per-venue average of $43,197.[19] It expanded to 1,207 theaters on August 31, and was projected to gross $3 million over the weekend. It ended up making $6.1 million (including $7.6 million over the four-day Labor Day frame), finishing fourth at the box office.[20] In its second weekend of wide release, the film was added to an additional 802 theaters, and grossed $4.5 million, finishing fifth.[21] It then made another $3.2 million in its third week of wide release.[22]
Knowledge1: Union State Bank, Wisconsin  The Union State Bank headquartered in Kewaunee, Wisconsin, United States, traces its history since 1910, when the Farmers and Merchants State Bank was established in Kewaunee. The Union State Bank was established in 1934 after the merger of the Farmers and Merchants with the Dairyman's State Bank. In 1987 the Green Bay, Wisconsin office was added and in 2004 the Two Rivers, Wisconsin office was added.  In 2015, Baylake Corp agreed to buy NEW Bancshares, the parent company of Union State Bank, for $9.7 million. [sep] Knowledge2: Union State Bank, Wisconsin: The Union State Bank headquartered in Kewaunee, Wisconsin, United States, traces its history since 1910, when the Farmers and Merchants State Bank was established in Kewaunee. The Union State Bank was established in 1934 after the merger of the Farmers and Merchants with the Dairyman's State Bank. In 1987 the Green Bay, Wisconsin office was added and in 2004 the Two Rivers, Wisconsin office was added.[1] ; Union State Bank, Wisconsin: In 2015, Baylake Corp agreed to buy NEW Bancshares, the parent company of Union State Bank, for $9.7 million.[2] ; Union State Bank, Wisconsin: This United States bank-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Tina (born Martina Csillagová; 11 March 1984) is a Slovak singer. She won the Best Female Singer prize at the Slávik Awards in 2011 and 2012. Tina co-hosted the 2011 edition of Czech/Slovak television series SuperStar alongside Leoš Mareš. She returned to host alongside Mareš in the first two series of The Voice Česko Slovensko. [sep] Knowledge2: Tina Turner: Turner made a public comeback in February 2008 at the Grammy Awards, where she performed alongside Beyoncé.[197][198] In addition, she won a Grammy as a featured artist on River: The Joni Letters. In October 2008, Turner embarked on her first tour in nearly ten years with the Tina!: 50th Anniversary Tour.[199][200] In support of the tour, Turner released a greatest hits compilation. The tour was a huge success and became one of the bestselling tours of all time.[188] In 2009, Turner officially retired from performing.[11][201]
Knowledge1: Dasht Jeyhun (, also Romanized as Dasht Jeyḩūn; also known as Jaihūn, and Jeyḩūn) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 44 families.  Jeyhun Dasht Rural District is a rural district (dehestan) in Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,719, in 1,946 families. The rural district has 15 villages. Dasht Jeyhun  Dasht Jeyhun (, also Romanized as Dasht Jeyḩūn; also known as Jaihūn, and Jeyḩūn) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 44 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Dasht Jeyhun: Dasht Jeyhun (Persian: دشت جيحون, also Romanized as Dasht Jeyḩūn; also known as Jaihūn, and Jeyḩūn)[1] is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 44 families.[2] ; Dasht Jeyhun: This Khamir County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jeyhun Dasht Rural District: At the National Census of 2006, its population was 8,719 in 1,946 households.[3] There were 7,651 inhabitants in 2,081 households at the following census of 2011.[4] At the most recent census of 2016, the population of the rural district was 6,918 in 1,981 households. The largest of its 15 villages was Dashteh, with 1,412 people.[2] ; Jeyhun Dasht Rural District: This Hamadan County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jeyhun Dasht Rural District: At the National Census of 2006, its population was 8,719 in 1,946 households.[3] There were 7,651 inhabitants in 2,081 households at the following census of 2011.[4] At the most recent census of 2016, the population of the rural district was 6,918 in 1,981 households. The largest of its 15 villages was Dashteh, with 1,412 people.[2]
Knowledge1: Sar Giz (, also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs, Sarkīs, and Sarkīz) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 75 families. Sar Giz  Sar Giz (, also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs, Sarkīs, and Sarkīz) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 75 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Sar Giz: Sar Giz (Persian: سرگيز, also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs, Sarkīs, and Sarkīz)[1] is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 75 families.[2] ; Sar Giz: This Oshnavieh County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Sar Giz: Sar Giz (Persian: سرگيز, also Romanized as Sar Gīz; also known as Sar Gīs, Sarkīs, and Sarkīz)[1] is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 75 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  Pir Hayati (, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 31 families.  Pir Hayati-ye Vosta (, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 21 families.  Pir Hayati (, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 47 families. Pir Hayati, Lorestan  Pir Hayati (, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 31 families.  Pir Hayati, Kermanshah  Pir Hayati (, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 47 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Pir Hayati, Kermanshah: Pir Hayati (Persian: پیرحیاتی, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī)[1] is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 47 families.[2] ; Pir Hayati, Kermanshah: This Kermanshah County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Pir Hayati, Lorestan: Pir Hayati (Persian: پیرحیاتی, also Romanized as Pīr Ḩayātī)[1] is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 31 families.[2] ; Pir Hayati, Lorestan: This Khorramabad County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Pir Hayati: Pir Hayati (Persian: پیرحیاتی) may refer to:
Knowledge1: Round Rock, Texas  Round Rock is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, in Williamson County (with a small part in Travis County), which is a part of the Greater Austin metropolitan area. Its population is 119,468 as of the 2020 census.  The city straddles the Balcones Escarpment, a fault line in which the areas roughly east of Interstate 35 are flat and characterized by having black, fertile soils of the Blackland Prairie, and the west side of the Escarpment, which consists mostly of hilly, karst-like terrain with little topsoil and higher elevations and which is part of the Texas Hill Country. Located about north of downtown Austin, Round Rock shares a common border with Austin at Texas State Highway 45.  In August 2008, "Money" named Round Rock as the seventh-best American small city in which to live. Round Rock was the only Texas city to make the Top 10. In a CNN article dated July 1, 2009, Round Rock was listed as the second-fastest-growing city in the country, with a population growth of 8.2% in the preceding year.  According to the 2008 ratings from the Texas Education Agency, the Round Rock Independent School District ranks among the best in the state. Of 42 schools within it, 12 were rated exemplary and 11 were recognized.  Round Rock is perhaps best known as the international headquarters of Dell Technologies, which employs about 16,000 people at its Round Rock facilities. The presence of Dell along with other major employers, an economic development program, major retailers such as IKEA, a Premium Outlet Mall, and the mixed-use La Frontera center, have changed Round Rock from a sleepy bedroom community into its own self-contained "super suburb". [sep] Knowledge2: Dell: The US and India are the only countries that have all Dell's business functions and provide support globally: research and development, manufacturing, finance, analysis, and customer care.[199]
Knowledge1: Bandarakottai (or Pandarakottai) is a Village Panjayat. Which is situated in Panruti taluk, Cuddalore District, Tamil Nadu in India.  Bandrakottai is a Village in Panruti Taluk in Cuddalore District of Tamil Nadu State, India. It is located 29 km west of the District headquarters Cuddalore. 6 km from Panruti. 188 km from State capital Chennai Bandarakottai and postal head office is Puthupet (CDL). Nearest villages are Anguchettypalayam (2 km), Manapakkam (2 km), Pudhupettai (1.5 km), Panapakkam (2 km), Chinnapettai (3 km) are the nearby areas or places toBandrakottai. Panruti, Viluppuram, Nellikuppam, Cuddalore are the nearby Cities toBandarakottai. This Place is in the border of the Cuddalore District and Pondicherry District. Pondicherry District Nettapakkam is East towards this place. Also it is in the Border ofother district Villupuram. It is near to the Pondicherry State Border. Bandrakottai  Bandarakottai (or Pandarakottai) is a Village Panjayat. Which is situated in Panruti taluk, Cuddalore District, Tamil Nadu in India. [sep] Knowledge2: Bandrakottai: Bandarakottai (or Pandarakottai) is a Village Panjayat. Which is situated in Panruti taluk, Cuddalore District, Tamil Nadu in India.[1]
Knowledge1:   A Fairview Outdoor School  Claud E. Kitchens Outdoor School at Fairview, formerly known as Fairview Outdoor School and Fairview Outdoor Education Center, is a public school located between Clear Spring and Hancock in western Washington County, Maryland, United States. The school was built in 1979 and serves students in the Washington County Public Schools system as a facility to promote environmental awareness.  The school was renamed as of 9 December 2008 to honor the late former Washington County Public Schools superintendent Claud E. Kitchens, who oversaw the construction of the facility. [sep] Knowledge2: Fairview Outdoor School: Claud E. Kitchens Outdoor School at Fairview, formerly known as Fairview Outdoor School and Fairview Outdoor Education Center, is a public school located between Clear Spring and Hancock in western Washington County, Maryland, United States. The school was built in 1979 and serves students in the Washington County Public Schools system as a facility to promote environmental awareness. ; Fairview Outdoor School: The school was renamed as of 9 December 2008 to honor the late former Washington County Public Schools superintendent Claud E. Kitchens, who oversaw the construction of the facility.[1]
Knowledge1:  Kapıkule is the name of the Turkish border crossing point in Edirne Province on the border of Turkey and Bulgaria. Its counterpart on the Bulgarian side is Kapitan Andreevo. Together, they form the busiest land border crossing point in Europe. Kapıkule, situated on the State road D100 (D.100) and European route E80, is also an important gateway for cargo transport to the countries east of Turkey. The Asian Highway Network route AH1 terminates at the border. Other land border checkpoints in western Turkey are the neighboring Hamzabeyli (on the D.535) and Dereköy (on the D.555) to Bulgaria and İpsala (on the D.110, E84) to Greece. The Kapıkule railway station, built in 1971, is located to the north of the town and handles more traffic than any other railway border crossing in Turkey. In the dawn of the Revolutions of 1989, the Kapıkule border crossing saw a mass exodus of Turks fleeing the forced assimilation laws of the mid to late 1980s in the People's Republic of Bulgaria into Turkey. [sep] Knowledge2: Emirdağ District: This geographical article about a location in Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  AGO Flugzeugwerke was a German aircraft manufacturing company from 1911 until 1945. The initials AGO had a variety of meanings (such as Aktiengesellschaft Otto) during the company's lifetime, but in its final version stood for Apparatebau GmbH Oschersleben. At its peak, the company employed around 4,500 people. [sep] Knowledge2: Ago: Ago or AGO may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Eguisheim (Egisheim; Alsatian: Egsa) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It lies in the historical region of Alsace (Elsass). The village lies on the edge of the Ballons des Vosges Nature Park, where the Vosges meet the Upper Rhine Plain. Eguisheim is about 7 km from Colmar. The vineyards around Eguisheim produce Alsace wine of high quality. The village is ranked in the top 20 of Les Plus Beaux Villages de France. In May 2013 it was voted the 'Village préféré des Français' (Favorite French Village), an annual distinction that passes from town to town throughout France. [sep] Knowledge2: Takahashi, Okayama: Takahashi has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification Cfa). The average annual temperature in Takahashi is 14.5 °C (58.1 °F). The average annual rainfall is 1,230.3 mm (48.44 in) with July as the wettest month. The temperatures are highest on average in August, at around 27.0 °C (80.6 °F), and lowest in January, at around 2.8 °C (37.0 °F).[2] The highest temperature ever recorded in Takahashi was 39.3 °C (102.7 °F) on 21 August 2020; the coldest temperature ever recorded was −10.0 °C (14.0 °F) on 27 February 1981.[3]
Knowledge1: Hakubi Line  The is a railway line operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West) in the mountainous area of the Chūgoku region of Japan. It begins at the south end of Okayama Prefecture at Kurashiki Station in Kurashiki, passing through Niimi Station on the west side of Niimi, and terminating at Hōki-Daisen Station in Yonago, Tottori Prefecture, linking Okayama Prefecture and Yonago across the Chūgoku Mountains. The Hakubi Line follows the Takahashi River between Kurashiki and Niimi, and the Hino River between Shōyama and Hōki-Daisen.  Since 2007, the ICOCA card can be used in all stations between Kurashiki Station and Bitchū-Takahashi Station. [sep] Knowledge2: Boryslav: During the fifth action in February 1943, 600 Jews were shot by members of the Ukrainian Auxiliary Police, German police, and the Schupo. The isolated executions of Jews in hiding took place all the time from May till June 1943 until the total liquidation of the Boryslav ghetto at the end of June 1943. Over the course of one week, the German forces murdered around 700 Jews (sick, young and elderly Jews and members of the Jewish Police). Other Jews were hunted down by Ukrainian and German forces and shot. The remaining Jews were deported to different labor camps (Plaszów and Mauthausen) from April to June 1944. In all, over 10,000 Jews native to Boryslaw were shot by Germans and Ukrainians or murdered in the camps.[6]
Knowledge1:  Borysławka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 11 km south-west of Fredropol, 18 km south-west of Przemyśl, and 63 km south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. [sep] Knowledge2: Portuguese language: Phonetic notes
Knowledge1: Mato Castelhano  Mato Castelhano is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. As of 2020, the estimated population was 2,542. [sep] Knowledge2: Mato Castelhano: Mato Castelhano is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.  As of 2020, the estimated population was 2,542.[1] ; Mato Castelhano: 28°16′40″S 52°11′31″W﻿ / ﻿28.27778°S 52.19194°W﻿ / -28.27778; -52.19194 ; Mato Castelhano: Mato Castelhano sī ūi-tī Pa-se Rio Grande do Sul chiu ê chi̍t ê chū-tī-thé (município).
Knowledge1: Tartaczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Tartaczek  Tartaczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. [sep] Knowledge2: Tartaczek: Tartaczek [tarˈtat͡ʂɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] ; Tartaczek: This Grójec County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  Tartaczek : Tartaczek [tarËtatÍ¡ÊÉk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk DuÅ¼y, within GrÃ³jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]
Knowledge1: Jelow Girangeh (, also Romanized as Jelow Gīrāngeh and Jelow Gīrangeh) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families. Jelow Girangeh  Jelow Girangeh (, also Romanized as Jelow Gīrāngeh and Jelow Gīrangeh) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Jelow Girangeh: Jelow Girangeh (Persian: جلوگيرنگه, also Romanized as Jelow Gīrāngeh and Jelow Gīrangeh)[1] is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families.[2]
Knowledge1: Ahmadabad-e Razavi (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Raẕavī; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 128 families. Ahmadabad-e Razavi  Ahmadabad-e Razavi (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Raẕavī; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 128 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Ahmadabad-e Razavi: Ahmadabad-e Razavi (Persian: احمدابادرضوي, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Raẕavī; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād)[1] is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 128 families.[2] ; Ahmadabad-e Razavi: Ahmadabad-e Razavi (Persian: احمدابادرضوي, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Raẕavī; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād)[1] is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 128 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  Where Is Freedom? (Dov'è la libertà?) is a 1954 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini. The film had a troubled production because, after shooting some scenes, Rossellini lost interest in the film and abandoned the set. The work was completed after about a year, mainly from Mario Monicelli, with some scenes also shot by Lucio Fulci and Federico Fellini. Despite that, Rossellini is the sole credited director of the film. [sep] Knowledge2: Freedom in the World: Mainwaring et alia (2001, p. 52)[19] wrote that Freedom House's index had "two systematic biases: scores for leftist were tainted by political considerations, and changes in scores are sometimes driven by changes in their criteria rather than changes in real conditions." Nonetheless, when evaluated in Latin American countries yearly, Freedom House's index was very strongly and positively correlated with the index of Adam Przeworski and with the index of the authors themselves: They evaluated Pearson's coefficient of linear correlation between their index and Freedom House's index, which was 0.82; among these indices and the two others studied, the correlations were all between 0.80 and 0.86  (Mainwaring et alia, 2001, p. 53).[19]
Knowledge1: 🇨🇦 Hamilton, Ontario ; 🇲🇽 Monterrey, Mexico [sep] Knowledge2: Ciepień: golubsko-dobrzyński ; Ciepień: Coordinates: 52°58′28″N 19°08′10″E﻿ / ﻿52.97444°N 19.13611°E﻿ / 52.97444; 19.13611; Ciepień:  Wikimedia Foundation.    2010.
Knowledge1:  Blenheim's water supply is drawn from the Wairau aquifer via nine bores and is treated at two plants in Middle Renwick Road and Bomford Street. [sep] Knowledge2: Blenheim: Blenheim (/ˈblɛnɪm/ BLEN-im) is the English name of Blindheim, a village in Bavaria, Germany, which was the site of the Battle of Blenheim in 1704. Almost all places and other things called Blenheim are named directly or indirectly in honour of the battle.
Knowledge1: Mary Region  Mary Region (, Мары велаяты) is one of five provinces in Turkmenistan. It is located in the south-east of the country, bordering Afghanistan. Its capital is the city of Mary. Its area is and population 1,480,400 (2005 est.). The average population density is about 15 persons per square kilometer, but it reaches 150–200 per square kilometer in the most developed oases.  In 2000, Mary Region accounted for 23% of Turkmenistan's population, 19% of the total number of employed, 26% of agricultural production (by value), and 21% of the country's total industrial production. The region's industries include natural gas extraction (the Galkynysh Gas Field), electric power generation, textiles, carpet weaving, chemical and food industry. In 2001 it accounted for 74% of Turkmenistan's electricity generation 26% of natural gas extraction.  Agriculture in Mary Region is irrigated by the Karakum Canal, which runs east to west through the center of the province, and by the Murghab River, which runs south to north, entering the province from Afghanistan. While the northern portion of the province is within the Central Asian southern desert ecoregion, the southern portion of the province is characterized by a savanna of pistachio and desert sedges, classified as the Badkhiz-Karabil semi-desert by the World Wildlife Fund.  Ancient Merv, designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is the main archeological attraction of Mary Province. This is one of the best-preserved oasis cities on the ancient Silk Road.  The capital of Mary Region is the city of Mary, located at the intersection of Murghab River with the Karakum Canal. Other major cities are Baýramaly (), Ýolöten (Iolotan, ), and Serhetabat (, formerly , ) on the border with Afghanistan. [sep] Knowledge2: Mary, Turkmenistan: A force of the British Indian Army consisting of a machine gun detachment comprising 40 Punjabi troops and a British officer resisted the Bolsheviks near Merv in August 1918, in what was the first direct confrontation between British and Russian troops since the Crimean War.[6]
Knowledge1: Gmina Lubsza  Gmina Lubsza is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Lubsza, which lies approximately north-east of Brzeg and north-west of the regional capital Opole.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2019 its total population is 8,992.  The gmina contains part of the protected area called Stobrawa Landscape Park. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Lubsza: Gmina Lubsza is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Lubsza, which lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Brzeg and 41 km (25 mi) north-west of the regional capital Opole. ; Gmina Lubsza: The gmina covers an area of 212.71 square kilometres (82.1 sq mi), and as of 2019 its total population is 8,992. ; Gmina Lubsza: The gmina contains part of the protected area called Stobrawa Landscape Park. ; Gmina Lubsza: Gmina Lubsza contains the villages and settlements of Błota, Borek, Borucice, Boruta, Czepielowice, Dobrzyń, Garbów, Kopalina, Kościerzyce, Książkowice, Lednica, Leśna Woda, Lubicz, Lubsza, Mąkoszyce, Michałowice, Myśliborzyce, Nowe Kolnie, Nowy Świat, Piastowice, Pisarzowice, Raciszów, Rogalice, Roszkowice, Śmiechowice, Stawy, Szydłowice, Tarnowiec, Zamcze and Złotówka. ; Gmina Lubsza: Gmina Lubsza is bordered by the town of Brzeg and by the gminas of Jelcz-Laskowice, Namysłów, Oława, Popielów, Skarbimierz and Świerczów.
Knowledge1: Tsutsui Station (筒井駅) is a railway station on the Aoimori Railway Line in the city of Aomori in Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third sector railway operating company Aoimori Railway Company.  Tsutsui Station is served by the 123.3 km Aoimori Railway Line between and, and is located between  and Aomori stations. Tsutsui Station  Tsutsui Station may refer to:  Tsutsui Station (Nara)  Tsutsui Station (筒井駅) is a railway station in Yamatokōriyama, Nara Prefecture, Japan. It is on the Kintetsu Kashihara Line.  Tsutsui Station (Aomori) Tsutsui, Aomori [sep] Knowledge2: Tsutsui Station (Aomori): Tsutsui Station (筒井駅, Tsutsui-eki) is a railway station on the Aoimori Railway Line in the city of Aomori in Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third sector railway operating company Aoimori Railway Company. ; Tsutsui Station (Aomori): Tsutsui Station is served by the 123.3 km (76.6 mi) Aoimori Railway Line between Metoki and Aomori, and is located between Higashi-Aomori and Aomori stations.[1] ; Tsutsui Station (Aomori): The station consists of two elevated side platforms serving two tracks.[1] The platforms are long enough to handle four-car trains.[1] The station is unstaffed.[2] A ticket vending machine, waiting room, and lifts to the platforms are located on the ground floor level.[1] ; Tsutsui Station (Aomori): Intended to provide access for the nearby Aomori High School, construction of the station commenced in June 2012.[3] The name "Tsutsui" for the station was announced by Aomori Prefecture on 27 June 2013.[4] It formally opened from the start of the revised timetable on 15 March 2014.[1] ; Tsutsui Station: Tsutsui Station may refer to:
Knowledge1: Edmundston  Edmundston is a city in Madawaska County, New Brunswick, Canada.  On 1 January 2023, Edmundston will expanded, annexing the village of Rivière-Verte and parts of the local service districts of the parish of Saint-Jacques and the parish of Saint-Joseph. [sep] Knowledge2: List of counties of New Brunswick: Another form of regional local government did not replace the county. Instead, many small village municipalities were created, with the surrounding predominantly rural areas remaining unincorporated. Of these unincorporated areas, 92 of them in 11 counties were made into local service districts (LSDs) to administer services specific to their area,[b] based largely on the former civil parishes.[2]
Knowledge1: Rahzan  Rahzan (, also Romanized as Rāhzān and Rāhezān; also known as Rāhizān) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 52 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Rahzan: Rahzan (Persian: راهزان, also Romanized as Rāhzān and Rāhezān; also known as Rāhizān)[1] is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 52 families.[2]
Knowledge1: Christmas in Serbia  Serbian Christmas traditions are customs and practices of the Serbs associated with Christmas and a period encompassing it, between the third Sunday before Christmas Day and Epiphany. There are many, complex traditions connected with this period. They vary from place to place, and in many areas have been updated or watered down to suit modern living. The Serbian name for Christmas is "Božić" (, pronounced ), which is the diminutive form of the word "bog" ("god"), and can be translated as "young god". Christmas is celebrated for three consecutive days, starting with Christmas Day, which the Serbs call the first day of Christmas. On these days, one is to greet another person by saying "Christ is Born," which should be responded to with "Truly He is Born," or in Serbian: ""Hristos se rodi"" (pronounced ) – ""Vaistinu se rodi"" (pronounced ). [sep] Knowledge2: Kozići: Kozići (Serbian Cyrillic: Козићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 1991 census, the village is located in the municipality of Rogatica.[1]
Knowledge1: Valdearcos de la Vega is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants. Valdearcos de la Vega  Valdearcos de la Vega is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants. [sep] Knowledge2: Valdearcos de la Vega: Valdearcos de la Vega is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants. ; Valdearcos de la Vega: 41°39′N 4°03′W﻿ / ﻿41.650°N 4.050°W﻿ / 41.650; -4.050 ; Valdearcos de la Vega: This article about a location in the province of Valladolid, Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Valdearcos de la Vega: Valdearcos de la Vega es una localidad de la provincia de Valladolid, Castilla y León, España.El pueblo se encuentra al este de la provincia. Limita con San Llorente, Corrales de Duero, Bocos de Duero, San Martín de Rubiales Curiel de Duero. Es uno de los cinco municipios que constituyen el Valle del Cuco. Pertenece a la comarca de Campo de Peñafiel. ; Valdearcos de la Vega: Valdearcos está a 65 km de Valladolid y está a 777 m s. n. m.
Knowledge1:  The district is in the Black Sea basin, and the main river is the 183 km Cogâlnic. Most lakes are man-made. [sep] Knowledge2: Oregon Country: The banks of the river throughout are low and skirted in the distance by a chain of moderately high lands on each side, interspersed here and there with clumps of wide spreading oaks, groves of pine, and a variety of other kinds of woods. Between these high lands lie what is called the valley of the Wallamitte  [sic], the frequented haunts of innumerable herds of elk and deer ... In ascending the river the surrounding country is most delightful, and the first barrier to be meet with is about forty miles up from its mouth. Here the navigation is interrupted by a ledge of rocks, running across the river from side to side in the form of an irregular horseshoe, over which the whole body of water falls at one leap down a precipice of about forty feet, called the Falls.
Knowledge1: Gaustadalléen is a tram stop on the Ullevål Hageby Line of the Oslo Tramway. It is located where the road Gaustadalléen passes under Ring 3 in Gaustad in Oslo, Norway. The station opened on 1 June 1999 as part of the extension of the Ullevål Hageby Line to Rikshospitalet. It is served by line 17 and 18, using SL95 low-floor trams, giving the station step-free access to the vehicles. [sep] Knowledge2: File:Gaustadalléen stasjon.jpg: Original file ‎(3,720 × 2,723 pixels, file size: 1.29 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Gaustadalléen stasjon.jpg: Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. ; File:Gaustadalléen stasjon.jpg: The following other wikis use this file: ; File:Gaustadalléen stasjon.jpg: This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it. ; File:Gaustadalléen stasjon.jpg:  If the file has been modified from its original state, some details may not fully reflect the modified file.
Knowledge1: Poręba-Kocęby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km north-east of Brańszczyk, 20 km north-east of Wyszków, and 71 km north-east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 440. [sep] Knowledge2: Poręba-Kocęby: Pod koniec XIX w. wieś gminna nad rzeczką Tuchełką w Powiecie ostrowskim, gmina i parafia Poręba. Siedziba gminy w Nagoszewie. W Porębie 114 domów, 879 mieszkańców, kościół, szkoła początkowa i dwa wiatraki[6].
Knowledge1: Dubicze Osoczne (Дубичі Осочні, Dubychi Osochni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 5 km west of Hajnówka and 49 km south-east of the regional capital Białystok. Dubicze Osoczne  Dubicze Osoczne (, "Dubychi Osochni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Hajnówka and south-east of the regional capital Białystok. Dubicze Osoczne  Dubicze Osoczne (, "Dubychi Osochni") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately west of Hajnówka and south-east of the regional capital Białystok. [sep] Knowledge2: Dubicze Osoczne: Dubicze Osoczne [duˈbʲit͡ʂɛ ɔˈsɔt͡ʂnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Hajnówka and 49 km (30 mi) south-east of the regional capital Białystok. ; Dubicze Osoczne: This Hajnówka County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Dubicze Osoczne: 52°43′51″N 23°29′38″E ; Dubicze Osoczne: 52°44'N, 23°30'E ; Dubicze Osoczne:  podlaskie
Knowledge1:  "Joys" is a song produced and recorded by Italian electronic/house DJ/remixer Roberto Surace, which samples The S.O.S. Band's 1986 single "The Finest". The song became Surace's first number one on both Billboards Dance Club Songs chart and joint ventured Shazam Ibiza dance charts (in its 12 October and 30 September 2019 issues, respectively), and in Australia on the ARIA Club Chart (in its 30 September 2019 issue). [sep] Knowledge2: Joy (For King & Country song): "Joy" (stylized as "joy."[2]) is the lead single by Christian alternative rock duo For King & Country for their third studio album, Burn the Ships (2018).[3] It was released as a single on 18 May 2018.[4][5] The song became the group's highest charting single, peaking at No. 2 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.[6] It lasted 36 weeks on the overall chart, being in the top ten for its entire run.[7] It also peaked at No. 14 on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100, and is their second highest charting entry in their career. The song is played in a C minor key, and 120 beats per minute.[8]
Knowledge1:  Mahakali (महाकाली अञ्चल) was one of the fourteen zones located in the Far-Western Development Region of Nepal, covering an area of 6,205 km2 in the most western part of the country. It stretches along Nepal's far western border with India, marked by the Kali River or Mahakali River. In 2015 Nepal discontinued use of zone designations in favor of provinces. The zone formerly known as Mahakali is now part of Sudurpashchim Province. Mahakali's headquarters is Bhimdatta (formerly called Mahendranagar) in Kanchanpur District. The zone covers the Himalayan range including Api Peak in the North, Hill valleys, Inner Terai valleys such as Patan Municipality in Baitadi District in the center and the outer Terai in the South. The name of this zone is derived from the Kali River. [sep] Knowledge2: Mahakali: Her most common four armed iconographic image shows each hand carrying variously a crescent-shaped sword, a trishul (trident), a severed head of a demon and a bowl or skull-cup (kapala) catching the blood of the severed head. Her eyes are described as red with intoxication and in absolute rage, her hair is shown disheveled, small fangs sometimes protrude out of her mouth and her tongue is lolling. The blood of the demons she slays drips out of her lolling tongue, having consumed it. She is adorned with a garland consisting of the heads of demons she has slaughtered, variously enumerated at 108 (an auspicious number in Hinduism and the number of countable beads on a Japa Mala, similar to a rosary, for repetition of Mantras) or 50, which represents the letters of the Sanskrit alphabet, Devanagari, and wears a skirt made of demon arms. ; Mahakali: In either one of these images she is shown standing on the prone, inert body of Shiva. This is interpreted in various ways but the most common is that Mahakali represents Shakti, the power of pure creation in the universe, and Shiva represents pure Consciousness which is inert in and of itself. While this is an advanced concept in monistic Shaktism, it also agrees with the Nondual Trika philosophy of Kashmir, popularly known as Kashmir Shaivism and associated most famously with Abhinavagupta. There is a colloquial saying that "Shiva without Shakti is Shava" which means that without the power of action (Shakti) that is Mahakali (represented as the short "i" in Devanagari) Shiva (or consciousness itself) is inactive; Shava means corpse in Sanskrit and the play on words is that all Sanskrit consonants are assumed to be followed by a short letter "a" unless otherwise noted. The short letter "i" represents the female power or Shakti that activates Creation. This is often the explanation for why she is standing on Shiva, who is her husband in Shaktism, and also the Supreme Godhead in Shaivism. Another understanding is that the wild destructive Mahakali can only stop her fury in the presence of Shiva the God of Consciousness, so that the balance of life is not completely overrun over by wild nature.
Knowledge1: Wiesau is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany. Wiesau  Wiesau is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany. [sep] Knowledge2: Wiesau: Wiesau is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany. ; Wiesau: Wiesau is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.
Knowledge1: Lewałd Wielki  Lewałd Wielki (; ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dąbrówno, south of Ostróda, and south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.  The village has a population of 240. [sep] Knowledge2: Lewałd Wielki: Lewałd Wielki (Polish pronunciation: [ˈlɛvawt ˈfjɛlkʲi]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dąbrówno, 28 km (17 mi) south of Ostróda, and 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Knowledge1: Kamioka Station [sep] Knowledge2: Kamioka Station: Kamioka Station (上岡駅, Kamioka-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the city of Saiki, Ōita, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu.[1][2] ; Kamioka Station: The station is served by the Nippō Main Line and is located 202.4 km from the starting point of the line at Kokura.[3] ; Kamioka Station: The station, which is unstaffed, consists of an island platform serving two tracks, with a siding. The station building is a simple wooden structure in Japanese style with a tiled roof which serves only to house a waiting area with seats and an automatic ticket vending machine. Access to the island platform is by means of a footbridge. A wooden shed is provided on the platform as a weather shelter.[2][3][4] ; Kamioka Station: The private Kyushu Railway had, by 1909, through acquisition and its own expansion, established a track from Kokura to Yanagigaura. The Kyushu Railway was nationalised on 1 July 1907. Japanese Government Railways (JGR), designated the track as the Hōshū Main Line on 12 October 1909 and expanded it southwards in phases, with Gōnohara (today Naokawa) opening as the new southern terminus on 20 November 1920. On the same day, Kamioka was opened as an intermediate station on the new track. On 15 December 1923, the Hōshū Main Line was renamed the Nippō Main Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.[5][6] ; Kamioka Station: In fiscal 2015, there were a total of 4,706 boarding passengers, giving a daily average of 13 passengers.[7]
Knowledge1: Route 213 is a short two-lane north/south highway in the province of Quebec, Canada, which starts in Frelighsburg at the junction of Route 237 and ends in Dunham at the junction of Route 202. It is the shortest road in Quebec that is provincially signed.  Route 215 is a two-lane north/south highway in Quebec, Canada. It starts in Sutton at the junction of Route 139 and links it to Brome and Fulford, in the northern part of Lac-Brome, where it ends at the junction of Route 243. It is the shortest link between Sutton and Autoroute 10. Quebec Route 213  Route 213 is a short two-lane north/south highway in the province of Quebec, Canada, which starts in Frelighsburg at the junction of Route 237 and ends in Dunham at the junction of Route 202. It is the shortest road in Quebec that is provincially signed.    <br> [sep] Knowledge2: Quebec Route 213: Route 213 is a short two-lane north/south highway in the province of Quebec, Canada, which starts in Frelighsburg at the junction of Route 237 and ends in Dunham at the junction of Route 202. It is the shortest road in Quebec that is provincially signed. ; Quebec Route 213: The entire route is in Brome-Missisquoi RCM. ; Quebec Route 213: This Quebec road, road transport or highway-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Highways in Quebec: The lane markings along the roadway include a continuous white line along each side of the road's outside edge.
Knowledge1: Al Fajr Arabsalim Sporting Club (نادي الفجر الرياضي عربصاليم) is a football club based in Arabsalim, Nabatieh, Lebanon. They won the 2010–11 Lebanese Third Division with no losses in 21 consecutive games and were promoted to the Lebanese Second Division for the first time ever in their history. [sep] Knowledge2: Al-Fajr: Al-Fajr (الفجر) may refer to:
Knowledge1:  Dąbkowice Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 km south-west of Łowicz and 43 km north-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 233. [sep] Knowledge2: Dąbkowice, Łódź Voivodeship: This Kutno County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Borzymy, Kolno County  Borzymy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Kolno and north-west of the regional capital Białystok. [sep] Knowledge2: Borzymy, Kolno County: Borzymy [bɔˈʐɨmɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of Kolno and 76 km (47 mi) north-west of the regional capital Białystok. ; Borzymy, Kolno County: This Kolno County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Fontenay, Vosges  Fontenay () is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. The inhabitants of Fontenay are called the "Fontenaysians". [sep] Knowledge2: Fontenay: Fontenay can refer to:
Knowledge1: Moldova (river)  The Moldova () is a river in Romania, in the historical region of Moldavia. It is a right tributary of the river Siret. The river rises from the Obcina Feredeu Mountains of Bukovina in Suceava County and joins the Siret in Cotu Vameș, east of the city of Roman in Neamț County. The total length of the Moldova from its source to its confluence with the Siret is . Its basin area is .<ref name=rowater/><ref name=yearbook/>  The river gave its name to the Principality of Moldavia, whose first capital, "Târgul Moldovei" (now Baia), is on the Moldova River but its etymology is disputed. [sep] Knowledge2: Valea Seacă (Topolița): This article related to  a river in Neamț County is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Punghina is a commune located in Mehedinți County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cearângu, Drincea, Măgurele, Punghina, Recea. Punghina  Punghina is a commune located in Mehedinți County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cearângu, Drincea, Măgurele, Punghina, Recea. [sep] Knowledge2: Papua New Guinea: With the National Census deferred during 2020/2021, ostensibly on the grounds of the COVID-19 pandemic, an interim assessment was conducted using satellite imagery. In December 2022, a report by the UN, based upon this survey was conducted with the University of Southampton using satellite imagery and ground-truthing, suggested a new population estimate of 17 million, nearly double the country's official estimate.[17]
Knowledge1: Ormak (, also Romanized as Ārmak) is a village in Kuh Dasht Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 300, in 121 families. Ormak, Isfahan  Ormak (, also Romanized as Ārmak) is a village in Kuh Dasht Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 300, in 121 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Ormak, Isfahan: Ormak (Persian: ارمك, also Romanized as Ārmak)[3] is a village in, and the capital of, Kuh Dasht Rural District of Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan province, Iran. ; Ormak, Isfahan: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 300 in 121 households.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 302 people in 129 households.[5] The latest census in 2016 showed a population of 449 people in 174 households.[2] ; Ormak, Isfahan: This Kashan County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Ormak, Isfahan: Ormak (Persian: ارمك, also Romanized as Ārmak)[3] is a village in, and the capital of, Kuh Dasht Rural District of Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan province, Iran.; Ormak, Isfahan: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 300 in 121 households.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 302 people in 129 households.[5] The latest census in 2016 showed a population of 449 people in 174 households.[2]
Knowledge1:  Vera is a village in the municipality of Verdal in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the northern shore of the lake Veresvatnet, about 4 km west of the border with Sweden, about 2 km south of the edge of Blåfjella–Skjækerfjella National Park, and about 40 km east of the village of Vuku. Vera is also a parish covering the eastern part of Verdal municipality, with Vera Chapel located in this village. [sep] Knowledge2: Vera: Vera may refer to:
Knowledge1: Kuczynka  Kuczynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.  The village has a population of 90. [sep] Knowledge2: Kuczyzna: Kuczyzna [kuˈt͡ʂɨzna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Cielądz, 16 km (10 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and 64 km (40 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Knowledge1: West Wyomissing is located at 40.32278°N, -75.99444°W (40.322771, -75.994583). According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 0.7 sqmi, all of it land.  West Wyomissing is a census-designated place (CDP) in Spring Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,407 at the 2010 census. West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania  West Wyomissing is a census-designated place (CDP) in Spring Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,407 at the 2010 census. [sep] Knowledge2: West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania: West Wyomissing is a census-designated place (CDP) in Spring Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 3,407 at the 2010 census. ; West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania: West Wyomissing is located at 40°19′22″N 75°59′40″W﻿ / ﻿40.32278°N 75.99444°W﻿ / 40.32278; -75.99444 (40.322771, -75.994583).[1] According to the U.S. Census Bureau, West Wyomissing has a total area of 0.7 square miles (1.8 km2), all land. ; West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania: As of the 2000 census,[2] there were 3,016 people, 1,363 households, and 894 families living in the CDP. The population density was 4,565.0 inhabitants per square mile (1,762.6/km2). There were 1,411 housing units at an average density of 2,135.7 per square mile (824.6/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 95.46% White, 1.26% African American, 0.07% Native American, 0.53% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.19% from other races, and 1.46% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.08% of the population. ; West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania: There were 1,363 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.0% were married couples living together, 9.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.4% were non-families. 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.21 and the average family size was 2.70. ; West Wyomissing, Pennsylvania: In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 18.3% under the age of 18, 6.2% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 23.8% from 45 to 64, and 23.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.
Knowledge1:  The Opel Tigra name has been applied to two different cars engineered and produced by the German automaker Opel, both based on different iterations of the Corsa supermini, the first built in Spain, the second in France. The first Tigra was a small 2+2 coupé, produced from 1994 to 2001. The later compact hard topped convertible roadster model was introduced in May 2004. The Tigra was sold in the United Kingdom as the Vauxhall Tigra, in Australia as the Holden Tigra, and was sold in Brazil, Argentina and Mexico as the Chevrolet Tigra. [sep] Knowledge2: Tigray Region: The State Council, which is the highest administrative body of the state, is made up of 152 members.[62]
Knowledge1: Jauldes is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. Jauldes  Jauldes () is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Jaulges: This Yonne geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Nowa Wieś Reszelska (Rosenschön) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. The village is located in the north of the Warmia and Mazury voivodeship, 9 km from Bisztynek. In 2010, it had a population of 40. In 1975-1998, when a different administrative division was in place, it was located in Olsztyn Voivodeship. Each August 26, Nowa Wieś Reszelska becomes a destination for pilgrims who come from nearby villages to participate in a mass and church fair that take place at the Shrine of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Częstochowa. [sep] Knowledge2: Nowa Wieś Reszelska: 54°05′09″N 20°59′44″E
Knowledge1:  It has 1,951 inhabitants (INDEC, 2010), which represents an increase of 30% compared to 1,497 inhabitants in 2001.  Colonia Nueva Coneta is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina. Colonia Nueva Coneta  Colonia Nueva Coneta is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina. [sep] Knowledge2: Colonia Nueva Coneta: Colonia Nueva Coneta is a village and municipality in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina.[1] ; Colonia Nueva Coneta: It is located 12 km from the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca, on the margin of the Ongolí River and at the foot of the southwestern slope of the Sierra de Ambato. ; Colonia Nueva Coneta: It has 1,951 inhabitants (INDEC, 2010), which represents an increase of 30% compared to 1,497 inhabitants in 2001. ; Colonia Nueva Coneta: 28°34′04″S 65°50′18″W﻿ / ﻿28.56778°S 65.83833°W﻿ / -28.56778; -65.83833 ; Colonia Nueva Coneta: This article about a place in Catamarca Province, Argentina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Aminabad (, also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 6 families.  Aminabad (امين آباد) is a subdivision of Hyderabad District in Sindh, Pakistan. It is a mainly Ismaili community, it is located at 28°56'20N 70°48'15E.  Aminabad (, also Romanized as Āmīnābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 210, in 48 families.  Aminabad (, also Romanized as Amīnābād) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 704, in 170 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Aminabad: Aminabad (Persian: امین‌آباد) may refer to: ; Aminabad, Fars: Aminabad (Persian: امین‌آباد, also Romanized as Amīnābād)[1] is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 466, in 95 families.[2]
Knowledge1: Tholuvankadu  is a village in the Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India. Tholuvankadu  Aranthangirevenue block of Pudukkottai district,<ref>http://tnmaps.tn.nic.in/pr_villages.php?  dc=22&tlkname=Arantangi&region=8&lvl=block&size=1200</ref> Tamil Nadu, India. [sep] Knowledge2: Thiruvenkadu: This article related to a location in Mayiladuthurai district, Tamil Nadu, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Anaikudam is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.  As per the 2001 census, Anaikudam had a total population of 4182 with 2139 males and 2043 females. Anaikudam  Anaikudam is a village in the Udayarpalayam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. [sep] Knowledge2: Anaikuttam Dam: 9°30′31″N 77°49′15″E﻿ / ﻿9.5087°N 77.8208°E﻿ / 9.5087; 77.8208 ; Anaikudam: Anaikudam is a village in the Udayarpalayam Taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.; Anaikudam: Anaikudam is a village panchayat located in the Ariyalur district of Tamil-Nadu state,India. The latitude 11.1354416 and longitude 79.3761218 are the geocoordinate of the Anaikudam.  Chennai is the state capital for Anaikudam village. It is located around 239.5 kilometer away from Anaikudam.. The other nearest state capital from Anaikudam is Pondicherry and its distance is 102.2 KM. The other surrouning state capitals are Pondicherry 102.2 KM., Bangalore 283.9 KM., Thiruvananthapuram 386.4 KM., ; Anaikudam: The surrounding nearby villages and its distance from Anaikudam are  Kodankudi 1.8 KM , Nayaganaipiriyal 3.7 KM , Edanganni 3.9 KM , Cholamadevi 4.1 KM , Udayanatham 4.6 KM , Kodalikaruppur 6.0 KM , Vembukudi 8.8 KM , Valaikurichi] 9.6 KM , Parukkal 10.2 KM , Kasankottai 11.3 KM , Adichanur 11.3 KM , T.k.p.natham 11.5 KM , Sripuranthan 12.1 KM , Sathambadi 12.4 KM , Managathi 14.3 KM , Govindaputhur 17.8 KM , Ambapur 19.2 KM , P.p.nallur 24.4 KM , Gunamangalam  , Keelanatham  , Naduvalur  , Karaikurichi  , Kadambur  , Chinthamani  , Suthamalli  , Karkudi  .; Anaikudam: The native language of Anaikudam is Tamil and most of the village people speak Tamil.  Anaikudam people use Tamil language for communication.
Knowledge1: Society of Early Americanists  The Society of Early Americanists (SEA) was founded in 1990 as an interdisciplinary association of scholars who study the literature and culture of America prior to about the year 1830. The non-profit society promotes the exchange of ideas and information among its members through a newsletter, which serves as the primary forum for members' concerns, through an electronic bulletin board and a website, and through conferences and joint research projects.  The SEA is an affiliate of both the American Literature Association and the American Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies. [sep] Knowledge2: History of the Americas: Canada's Brian Mulroney not only ran on a similar platform but also favored closer trade ties with the United States. This led to the Canada-United States Free Trade Agreement in January 1989. Mexican presidents Miguel de la Madrid, in the early 1980s and Carlos Salinas de Gortari in the late 1980s, started implementing liberal economic strategies that were seen as a good move. However, Mexico experienced a strong economic recession in 1982 and the Mexican peso suffered a devaluation. In the United States president Ronald Reagan attempted to move the United States back towards a hard anti-communist line in foreign affairs, in what his supporters saw as an attempt to assert moral leadership (compared to the Soviet Union) in the world community. Domestically, Reagan attempted to bring in a package of privatization and regulation to stimulate the economy.
Knowledge1: The Denmark Hill Insect Bed is a Triassic fossil locality in the Denmark Hill Conservation Park of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. Denmark Hill Insect Bed  The Denmark Hill Insect Bed is a Triassic fossil locality in the Denmark Hill Conservation Park of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia. [sep] Knowledge2: Denmark Hill Insect Bed: The Denmark Hill Insect Bed is a Triassic fossil locality in the Denmark Hill Conservation Park of Ipswich, Queensland, Australia.[1][2] It belongs to the Blackstone Formation (Ipswich Coal Measures Group) dated to the Carnian age (228.0 - 216.5 million years ago). Its coordinates are 27°36′S 152°48′E﻿ / ﻿27.6°S 152.8°E﻿ / -27.6; 152.8Coordinates: 27°36′S 152°48′E﻿ / ﻿27.6°S 152.8°E﻿ / -27.6; 152.8. Its paleogeographic coordinates are 59°00′S 105°48′E﻿ / ﻿59.0°S 105.8°E﻿ / -59.0; 105.8.[3]; Denmark Hill Insect Bed: The fossiliferous layer is located in between the Bluff coal seam and the Aberdare coal seam. It is 15 cm (5.9 in) thick and is composed greenish grey to brownish grey arenaceous shale. The existence of coal seams above and below the layer indicates that it may have once been a lake (lacustrine environment).[3]; Denmark Hill Insect Bed: The site is noted as a source of well-preserved insect fossils.[1][4]; Denmark Hill Insect Bed:  Wikimedia Foundation.    2010. ; Denmark Hill Insect Bed: Mesochorista proavita — Temporal range: Carnian …   Wikipedia
Knowledge1:  Mavjinjava (માવજીંજવા) is a small village near Bagasara in the Amreli district of the Saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat, India. There is a population of around 3,754 people in Mavjinjava. More than 3000 people live outside of Manjinjava in places like Surat, Ahmedabad & Mumbai.  It is believed that during the year 534 AD Mavjinjava existed and was known as Mavji and then Mavjinjava. The village is named in ancient Gujrati as Mavjinjava (માવજીંજવા). Initially Mavjinjava was the part of the former Gaekwad of Baroda during the Gaekwad regime in 1886. After Indian independence in 1947, the village became the part of Bombay State and then a separate village in Gujarat State after the division of Bombay State in 1956 into Gujarat and Maharashtra.  The people in Mavjinjava are predominantly vegetarians and are vehemently against any form of hunting.  India census, Mavjinjava had a population of 3,754. Mavjinjava  Mavjinjava (માવજીંજવા) is a small village near Bagasara in the Amreli district of the Saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat, India. There is a population of around 3,754 people in Mavjinjava. More than 3000 people live outside of Manjinjava in places like Surat, Ahmedabad & Mumbai. [sep] Knowledge2: Mavjinjava: Mavjinjava is a small village near Bagasara in the Amreli district of the Saurashtra region in the state of Gujarat, India. There is a population of around 3,754 people in Mavjinjava. More than 3000 people live outside of Manjinjava in places like Surat, Ahmedabad & Mumbai. ; Mavjinjava: It is believed that during the year 534 AD Mavjinjava existed and was known as Mavji and then Mavjinjava. The village is named in ancient Gujrati as Mavjinjava (માવજીંજવા). Initially Mavjinjava was the part of the former Gaekwad of Baroda during the Gaekwad regime in 1886. After Indian independence in 1947, the village became the part of Bombay State and then a separate village in Gujarat State after the division of Bombay State in 1956 into Gujarat and Maharashtra.[citation needed] ; Mavjinjava: Most part of the area is called Balapur Road stretching from the main bus stand to Mahesh Pan Center. Other areas are Khodiyar Plot, Bagasara Plot, Kalwachouk, Pati Khetar Road, Hanumanpara etc. ; Mavjinjava: Mavjinjava is a small village in Kāthiāwār in Gujarāt. The Kāthiāwār peninsula of western India, is in Gujarāt State. The peninsula extends southwest into the Arabian Sea and is bounded on the northwest by the Gulf of Kachchh and on the southeast by the Gulf of Khambhāt. The area of Mavjinjava is about 60,000 km² (about 23,000 sq mi). ; Mavjinjava: Mavjinjava has a semi-arid climate, with hot, dry summers from mid-March to mid-June and the wet monsoon season from mid-June to October, when the village receives 500 mm of rain on average. The months from November to February are mild, the average temperature being around 20 °C, with low humidity.
Knowledge1: Arthur (TV series)  Arthur is an animated educational television series for children ages 4 to 8, developed by Kathy Waugh for PBS, and produced by WGBH. The show is set in the fictional U.S. city of Elwood City, and revolves around the lives of Arthur Read, an anthropomorphic aardvark, his friends and family, and their daily interactions with each other.  The television series is based on the "Arthur" book series written and illustrated by Marc Brown. WGBH Boston along with Montreal-based Cinar (now WildBrain) began production of the animated series in 1994, and aired its first episode on October 7, 1996. During its 25-season run, the show has broadcast 253 half hour episodes.  A pilot for the spin-off series "Postcards from Buster" aired in December 2003 as a season 8 episode of "Arthur". "Postcards from Buster" aired from October 11, 2004, to November 21, 2008; the series faced several years of hiatus, until a brief revival in February 2012, only to be cancelled after airing three unseen episodes that had been held over from the show's third season.  In June 2018, it was announced that "Arthur" was renewed for four additional seasons, through its 25th season. It was subsequently announced on July 27, 2021, that the 25th season would be the final season. "Arthur" concluded its original run on PBS Kids on February 21, 2022. Despite concluding after 25 years, the show will continue to have new content on PBS Kids and on the video app.  The series often deals with important issues families face such as asthma, dyslexia, cancer, diabetes, and autism spectrum disorder. It also encourages reading and relationships with family and friends by explaining that people have different personalities and interests. It was the longest-running children's animated series in the U.S., and the second longest-running animated series in the U.S., behind Fox's "The Simpsons". [sep] Knowledge2: Arthur, North Dakota: The median income for a household in the city was $36,250, and the median income for a family was $41,875. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $19,583 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,948. About 7.9% of families and 9.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 11.7% of those age 65 or over.
Knowledge1:  Kumyks live there. [sep] Knowledge2: List of countries by GDP (nominal): The first list includes estimates compiled by the International Monetary Fund's World Economic Outlook, the second list shows the World Bank's data, and the third list includes data compiled by the United Nations Statistics Division. The IMF definitive data for the past year and estimates for the current year are published twice a year in April and October. Non-sovereign entities (the world, continents, and some dependent territories) and states with limited international recognition (such as Kosovo and Taiwan) are included in the list where they appear in the sources.
Knowledge1: to be presented soon to the Council of Ministers. The port complex is expected to cover an area of 30,000 hectares, and will have an additional area of 11,000 hectares for industrial development, as well as capacity to process 200 million tons of cargo. The Techobanine region is 70km from Maputo and 20km north of Ponta do Ouro. Tembe Elephant Park is situated in Maputaland, in the north-eastern region of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa adjoining the Mozambique border. It is home to the province's biggest African elephant herd and its only indigenous elephants. Tembe's comprises a variety of unique sand forest, [sep] Knowledge2: Benin: From the 17th to the 19th century, political entities in the area included the Kingdom of Dahomey, the city-state of Porto-Novo, and other states to the north. This region was referred to as the Slave Coast from the early 17th century due to the high number of people who were sold and trafficked during the Atlantic slave trade to the New World. France took over the territory in 1894, incorporating it into French West Africa as French Dahomey. In 1960, Dahomey gained full independence from France. As a sovereign state, Benin has had democratic governments, military coups, and military governments. A self-described Marxist–Leninist state called the People's Republic of Benin existed between 1975 and 1990. In 1991, it was replaced by the multi-party Republic of Benin.[15]
Knowledge1: Sholoktu is a village in Baghlan Province in north eastern Afghanistan. Sholoktu [sep] Knowledge2: Sholoktu:  Sholoktu is a village in Baghlan Province in north eastern Afghanistan.[1] ; Sholoktu: This Baghlan Province, Afghanistan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Sholoktu:  Sholoktu is a village in Baghlan Province in north eastern Afghanistan.[1]; Sholoktu: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Goldasht, Sistan and Baluchestan  Goldasht () is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 240, in 51 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Goldasht, Sistan and Baluchestan: Goldasht (Persian: گلدشت) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 240, in 51 families.[1]
Knowledge1: Eslamabad-e Mashayekh  Eslamabad-e Mashayekh (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Mashāyekh) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 437, in 94 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Eslamabad-e Mashayekh: Eslamabad-e Mashayekh (Persian: اسلام ابادمشايخ, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Mashāyekh)[3] was a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad province, Iran. ; Eslamabad-e Mashayekh: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 437 in 94 households, when it was in Kohgiluyeh County.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 434 people in 110 households, by which time the district had separated from the county in the establishment of Charam County.[2] ; Eslamabad-e Mashayekh: After the census, the village of Bar Aftab-e Sarfaryab merged with Eslamabad-e Mashayekh and became the city of Sarfaryab.[5] ; Eslamabad-e Mashayekh: This Charam County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Eslamabad-e Mashayekh: Eslamabad-e Mashayekh (Pho-su-gí: اسلام ابادمشايخ) sī chi̍t ê tī Iran Islam Kiōng-hô-kok Kohgiluyeh kap Boyer-Ahmad Séng Charam Kūn Sarfaryab Koān Sarfaryab Hiong ê chng-thâu.[2] Tī 2006 nî phó͘-cha ê sî-chūn, chit-ê chng-thâu ū 437 ê lâng tòa, chóng-kiōng ū 94 hō͘ jîn-ke.
Knowledge1: Kalu, Gorgan  Kalu (, also Romanized as Kalū) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was at 394. [sep] Knowledge2: Kalu: Kalu or Kaloo may refer to:
Knowledge1: Pierce is a Statutory Town in Weld County, Colorado, United States. The population was 834 at the 2010 census. The town is a rural agricultural community located on the Colorado Eastern Plains along U.S. Highway 85 north of Greeley. [sep] Knowledge2: Pierce County, Washington: As of the census of 2010, there were 795,225 people, 299,918 households, and 202,174 families residing in the county. The population density was 476.3 people per square mile (183.9 people/km2). There were 325,375 housing units at an average density of 194.9 units per square mile (75.3 units/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 74.2% white, 6.8% black or African American, 6.0% Asian, 1.4% Native American, 1.3% Pacific islander, 3.5% from other races, and 6.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.5% were German, 13.1% were Irish, 10.7% were English, 6.3% were Norwegian, and 4.2% were American.
Knowledge1:  Chalhuacocha (possibly from Quechua challwa fish, qucha lake, "fish lake") is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5200 m high. It is located in the Lima Region, Cajatambo Province, Cajatambo District, and in the Oyón Province, Oyón District. Chalhuacocha lies northwest of Condor Huayin and east of Tocto lake. [sep] Knowledge2: Challhuacocha (Ancash): Challhuacocha (possibly from Quechua challwa fish, qucha lake,[3] "fish lake") is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region, Pallasca Province, Conchucos District.[4] It lies southeast of Lake Pelagatos, northwest of the lake named Labrascocha (possibly from Quechua Lawrasqucha) and north of the village of Challuacocha (possibly from Quechua Challwaqucha). It is situated at a height of 3,878 m (12,723 ft) comprising an area of 0.460868 km2 (460,868 m2).[2]
Knowledge1: Footes is a small hamlet in the town of Concord in southern Erie County, New York, United States. [sep] Knowledge2: Footes, New York: 42°35′06″N 78°38′40″W﻿ / ﻿42.58500°N 78.64444°W﻿ / 42.58500; -78.64444
Knowledge1: Thirteen other countries (Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Egypt, Iraq, Ireland, Jordan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Nepal, Palestinian Territories, Singapore, and Ukraine) that submitted films within the three previous years opted not to send a movie for Oscar consideration in 2009. [sep] Knowledge2: Academy Awards: Despite the success of The Dark Knight, the film did not receive a Best Picture nomination at the 81st Academy Awards. This decision received substantial criticism and was described as a "snub" by many publications.[120][121][122] The backlash to the decision was such that, for the 82nd Academy Awards awards in 2010, the academy increased the limit for Best Picture nominees from five to ten, a change known as "The Dark Knight Rule".[123][124][125][126][127][128][129][130]
Knowledge1: Cora (hypermarket)  Cora is a chain of hypermarkets owned by Louis Delhaize Group in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, the French overseas territory of Mayotte and Romania. Cora was founded in 1974 by the supermarket holding Louis Delhaize Group after taking over three Carrefour hypermarkets located in Belgium. These three were originally established around 1969 as a joint venture franchise between two other companies: the Carrefour Group and the Delhaize Group.  The Louis Delhaize Group also includes the supermarket chain Match, the online supermarket Houra, the Truffaut garden center chain and the Animalis pet shop chain. The name 'Cora' is borrowed from the Greek goddess Persephone (Roman: Proserpina) who is also known as Cora. [sep] Knowledge2: Cora language: The Pinome, or Totorame, were reported in the 16th century to speak Cora.[5] ; Cora language: Nouns are marked for possession and exhibit several different plural patterns. ; Cora language: Indirect object moved to the beginning for emphasis: ; Cora language: ne-‘ci muni ‘ya; Cora language: rabbit-also
Knowledge1: Madan Kundari  Madan Kundari is a village development committee in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,321 in 413 individual households. [sep] Knowledge2: Madan Kundari: Madan Kundari is a village development committee in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,321 in 413 individual households.[1]
Knowledge1:  Oborin was born on 15 August 1892 in the village of Kamenka in Tver Governorate to a working-class family. He graduated from the parish school in 1903 and became a textile worker. In October 1913, he was drafted into the Imperial Russian Army. He served as a Rjadovoy in the 1st Siberian Division. Oborin graduated from a training unit a year later and became a non-commissioned officer. He fought in World War I on the Western Front in a Siberian Howitzer Artillery Battalion as an artillery observer. He was wounded. Oborin's last rank in the Imperial Army was Junior Feuerwerker. In February 1917, Oborin was discharged from the army due to illness. [sep] Knowledge2: Oborín: Michalovce
Knowledge1:  in Kaluga, 1987- 2nd prize ; Administrative center of the municipal settlement of Gzhel, 1988. * In a residential district, in 700 — apartments in Volsk, Russia, 1988. Music Theater in Vologda. Russia. ; Youth Leisure Center in Volsk, Russia. * Renovation of Tate Britain in London - Caro and Hockney exhibitions, the United Kingdom, 1989. ; Master plan of the new town of Tel-Zafit, Israel. ; Conference Center in Haifa, 1990 ; Design of Tel-Zafit districts, Israel, 1991. ; Draft plan of a new town — Tel-Felicia, 1991 * Planning of a residential district in El’ad, 1992 * Competition for governmental buildings in Berlin, Germany, 1993 ; 1994 Master plan [sep] Knowledge2: Nikolai Yezhov: In his confession, Yezhov admitted to the standard litany of state crimes necessary to mark him as an "enemy of the people" prior to execution, including "wrecking", official incompetence, theft of government funds, and treasonous collaboration with German spies and saboteurs. Apart from these political crimes, he was also accused of and confessed to a humiliating history of sexual promiscuity, including homosexuality, rumors that were later deemed true by some post-Soviet examinations of the case.[33][34]
Knowledge1: World War I, it served as a border between Romania and the Russian Empire. After World War II, the river once again demarcated a border, this time between Romania and the Soviet Union. Nowadays, for a length of 695 km, it forms the border between Romania and Moldova. It has a hydrographic basin of 27,500 km, of which 10,990 km are in Romania and 7,790 km in Moldova. The largest city along its banks is Chernivtsi, Ukraine. The Stânca-Costești Dam, operated jointly by Moldova and Romania, is built on the Pruth. There is also a Hydro-Electric Station in Snyatyn, (Ukraine). [sep] Knowledge2: Draa River: Part of the Draa river valley was inhabited by the (Sanhaja) tribe of the Masufa. Their city in this region was called Tiyumetin (modern day Tagounite). From this time until today also the presence of Jewish groups in the Draa valley is attested. Beni Sbih and Beni Hayoune are the villages that remain of that past.[6]
Knowledge1: celebrate Eid, Maharam, Fateha etc. Villeger celebrated all religious occasions together. The village is well connected to Nalbari and Gauhati by regular buses and other privately owned vehicles. National Highway 31 lies in north and it is accessible through south by Hajo-Doulashal road.বাটসৰৰ পৰা দৈনিক ৰাতিপুৱা 6:15,6:45 আৰু 7:15 ত ৩ খন পৰিবহন নিগমৰ বাছ গুৱাহাটীলৈ চলাচল কৰে। নলবাৰীলৈ যাব লাগিলে টেম্পো চলাচল কৰে। Batsor Batsor, also Batshar and Batchar is a village in Nalbari district of Western Assam. It is surrounded by villages of Belsor, Churchuri and Goalpara. Like rest of Kamrup region, language used in Batsor is Kamrupi. [sep] Knowledge2: Batsère: Batsère (French pronunciation: [batsɛʁ]; Occitan: Vathsèra) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Knowledge1:  WZRU was once located at 88.5 FM. On May 2, 2005, WZRU swapped frequencies with WRTP-FM, giving WZRU a stronger signal.  WHKK ; 1999 - Station members vote unanimously against a joint sales agreement with Capstar Broadcasting Company ; 2000 - WFNX, a Boston station, extends into Providence to compete with WBRU on 103.7 (then WWRX) ; 2002 - 100.3 WZRI becomes rock WKKB (October 31) ; 2004 - 103.7 WWRX/WFNX signs off in Providence ; 2005 - 100.3 WKKB becomes a Spanish station (February 1) ; 2006 - As a three-day April Fools' Day hoax, WBRU pretends to be bought-out by "Initech" who change the station's format to "Buddy FM" ; 2006 - On June 15, WBRU begins to [sep] Knowledge2: List of countries:   Tajikistan -   Tanzania -   Thailand -   Togo -   Tonga -   Trinidad and Tobago -   Tunisia -   Turkey -   Turkmenistan -   Tuvalu
Knowledge1: Idlorpait is a former Moravian mission in southernmost Greenland located between the missions at Lichtenau and Friedrichsthal. It was founded in 1864 and operated until 1900, when it was surrendered to the Lutheran Church of Denmark. Idlorpait  Idlorpait is a former Moravian mission in southernmost Greenland located between the missions at Lichtenau and Friedrichsthal.  It was founded in 1864 and operated until 1900, when it was surrendered to the Lutheran Church of Denmark. [sep] Knowledge2: Idlorpait: Idlorpait is a former Moravian mission in southernmost Greenland located between the missions at Lichtenau and Friedrichsthal.[1] ; Idlorpait: It was founded in 1864 and operated until 1900, when it was surrendered to the Lutheran Church of Denmark.[2] ; Idlorpait: This Greenland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Idlorpait: Idlorpait is a former Moravian mission in southernmost Greenland located between the missions at Lichtenau and Friedrichsthal.[1]; Idlorpait: It was founded in 1864 and operated until 1900, when it was surrendered to the Lutheran Church of Denmark.[2]
Knowledge1:  According to the 2013 census, its population was 26, all Bosniaks.  From 1929 to 1941, Donji Vakuf was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Barice, Donji Vakuf  Barice is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina. [sep] Knowledge2: Barice, Donji Vakuf: Barice is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1] ; Barice, Donji Vakuf: According to the 2013 census, its population was 26, all Bosniaks.[2] ; Barice, Donji Vakuf: This Central Bosnia Canton geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Barice, Donji Vakuf: Barice is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]; Barice, Donji Vakuf: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Habits (Stay High)  "Habits (Stay High)" is a song recorded by Swedish singer Tove Lo from her debut extended play (EP), "Truth Serum", and her debut studio album, "Queen of the Clouds" (2014). It was written by Lo with Ludvig Söderberg and Jakob Jerlström, while it was produced by the latter two under the production name The Struts. Initially, the singer self-released the song under the title "Habits" on 15 March 2013 as her second independently released single. After Lo was signed to Universal Music, the track was re-released on 6 December 2013 under the title of "Habits (Stay High)" as both the second single from "Truth Serum" and the lead single from "Queen of the Clouds". Musically, it is a pop and electropop song which features a minimal and upbeat electronic instrumentation. Its lyrics delve into the singer's attempts to forget her previous boyfriend through substance abuse, drinking and other hedonistic practices. Consequently, some critics and Lo herself noted a contrast between the song's production and its lyrical content.  "Habits (Stay High)" was well received by most critics, who commended its lyrics and production. The track became a sleeper hit; it entered the music charts in 2014, one year after its original release. The recording peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States and became the highest-charting song by a Swedish artist on that chart since "The Sign" by Ace of Base peaked at number one in 1994. It was certified 5× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and has sold over 2.6 million copies in the country. Additionally, the track topped the charts in Poland and Romania, and peaked within the top ten in Austria, Canada, France and Switzerland, among others.  Two music videos were filmed for the song, both directed by Motellet Film. The first version, released on 15 March 2013, featured the singer at a tea party while getting drunk with her guests. It reached half-a-million views on YouTube before it was made private one year after its release. The second version was filmed at a Swedish club over three days and depicts Lo in a night of partying with her friends. The singer performed the single at festivals such as South by Southwest and the Hangout Music Festival, and included it on the set list of her tours, the Queen of the Clouds Tour (2015) and the Lady Wood Tour (2017). The single was awarded the Song of the Year award at the Grammis of 2015 in Sweden. A remix by record production duo Hippie Sabotage, titled "Stay High", was released as the third single from "Truth Serum" and reached the top ten in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and other countries in Europe. The song has been covered by artists such as Vin Diesel, whose performance was a tribute to his late friend Paul Walker, and Kelly Clarkson, who performed the track on her Piece by Piece Tour (2015). [sep] Knowledge2: Country: It also identifies regional trends. The World Bank defines its regions as East Asia and Pacific, Europe and Central Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Middle East and North Africa, North America, South Asia, and Sub-Saharan Africa. Lastly, the World Bank distinguishes countries based on its operational policies. The three categories include International Development Association (IDA) countries, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) countries, and Blend countries.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Sabiote  Sabiote is a municipality in the province of Jaén, Spain. [sep] Knowledge2: Sabiote: Sabiote is a Spanish town and municipality situated in the northeastern part of La Loma, in the province of Jaén, autonomous community of Andalusia. It borders the municipalities of Úbeda, Torreperogil, Santisteban del Puerto and Navas de San Juan. The rive Guadalimar flows through the municipal district, including the reservoir of Giribaile and Olvera. The municipality has a population of 3886 (INE 2020). ; Sabiote: Sabiote is a Spanish town and municipality situated in the northeastern part of La Loma, in the province of Jaén, autonomous community of Andalusia. It borders the municipalities of Úbeda, Torreperogil, Santisteban del Puerto and Navas de San Juan. The rive Guadalimar flows through the municipal district, including the reservoir of Giribaile and Olvera. The municipality has a population of 3886 (INE 2020).
Knowledge1: Kalateh-ye Safdarabad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Safdarābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 717, in 182 families.  Kalateh-ye Aqazadeh (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āqāzādeh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 35 families. Kalateh-ye Safdarabad  Kalateh-ye Safdarabad (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Safdarābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 717, in 182 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Kalateh-ye Safdarabad: Kalateh-ye Safdarabad (Persian: كلاته صفدراباد, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Safdarābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 717, in 182 families.[1] ; Kalateh-ye Safdarabad: This Faruj County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Cham Karim (, also Romanized as Cham Karīm and Cham-e Karīm; also known as Chamkārī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 29 families. Cham Karim  Cham Karim (, also Romanized as Cham Karīm and Cham-e Karīm; also known as Chamkārī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 29 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Cham Karim: Cham Karim (Persian: چم كريم, also Romanized as Cham Karīm and Cham-e Karīm; also known as Chamkārī)[1] is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 29 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  Tad (, also Romanized as Ţād and Tād) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 32 families. Tad, Markazi  Tad (, also Romanized as Ţād and Tād) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 32 families.  Tad, West Virginia  Tad is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States. Tad is east of Charleston. Tad has a post office with ZIP code 25201.  An early postmaster gave the community the name of his son, Talmadge "Tad" Dunlap. [sep] Knowledge2: Tad, Markazi: Tad (Persian: طاد, also Romanized as Ţād and Tād)[1] is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 32 families.[2] ; Tad: Tad or TAD may refer to:
Knowledge1: Diffused pollution is difficult to control because it has a multitude of sources throughout the whole region. Yet without a solution to this problem the water quality of the river will never have the desired quality. L'Assomption River The Assomption River (in French "Rivière l'Assomption", named after the Assumption of Mary) is the most important waterway in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada. It is over long, and has a drainage basin (watershed) of . Its source is the Mont Tremblant massif. Seven significant rivers flow into the Assomption (de la Boule, Versailles, Noire, la Chaloupe, Ouareau, Saint-Esprit, and Achigan) [sep] Knowledge2: Rivers State: Over the period from 1991 to 2006, the total population of Rivers State increased by close to 3 million people. The last official census showed that 5,198,716 people were living in the state, of whom 2,673,026 were male and 2,525,690 were female. Adults and adolescents aged 15 to 64 years accounted for 61% of the population in the state. Children below the age of 15 accounted for 36% of the population, and those aged 65 years and above, another 3%. Port Harcourt and Obio-Akpor had the highest number of inhabitants of any local government area, while Ogu–Bolo and Omuma had the lowest. The total area of the state was 11,077 km2 (4,277 sq mi) and the density was 635.89 inhabitants per square kilometre (1,646.9/sq mi).
Knowledge1: Panaitoliko (Παναιτωλικό) is a mountain range in the northeastern part of Aetolia-Acarnania and southwestern Evrytania, in western Greece. Its highest summit, Katelanos (Κατελάνος), is the highest point of Aetolia-Acarnania at 1,924 m. Its length is approximately 25 km long from east to west and its width is approximately 15 km wide. The nearest mountains are Kaliakouda to the northeast, the mountains of Nafpaktia to the southeast and Valtou to the northwest. Lake Trichonida lies to the south. The Panaitoliko extends from the Acheloos valley in the northwest to the Evinos valley in the east. There are forests in the lower areas, and grasslands in the higher elevations. The municipal unit of Panaitoliko took its name from this mountain range. Villages near the Panaitoliko include Prousos in the north, Mesokomi in the northeast, Amvrakia in the southeast, Skoutera in the southwest and Agios Vlasios in the northwest. Panaitoliko  Panaitoliko (Greek: Παναιτωλικό) is a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Agrinio, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 105.976 km. Population 1,386 (2011). The seat of the municipality was in Skoutera. [sep] Knowledge2: Panaitoliko (mountain range): The municipal unit of Panaitoliko took its name from this mountain range. Villages near the Panaitoliko include Prousos in the north, Mesokomi in the northeast, Amvrakia in the southeast, Skoutera in the southwest and Agios Vlasios in the northwest. ; Aetolia-Acarnania: Its climate ranges from hot and humid summers, with temperatures often surpassing 40 °C, to mild and short winters in the low-lying areas, with cool winters dominating in the mountain areas. At the highest elevations, summers are cool, and snow and cold weather dominate the winter months in the Panaitoliko.
Knowledge1: Villalcampo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 624 inhabitants. Villalcampo (288 inhabitants, INE 2020). ; Carbajosa (123 inhabitants, INE 2020). ; Salto de Villalcampo (0 inhabitants, INE 2020). Villalcampo is home to the town hall of 3 villages: Villalcampo  Villalcampo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 624 inhabitants. [sep] Knowledge2: Villalcampo: Villalcampo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 624 inhabitants. ; Villalcampo: Villalcampo is home to the town hall of 3 villages: ; Villalcampo: 41°31′N 6°03′W﻿ / ﻿41.517°N 6.050°W﻿ / 41.517; -6.050 ; Villalcampo: This article about a location in the province of Zamora, Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Villalcampo: Villalcampo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 624 inhabitants.
Knowledge1: Scheidt is a product of the youth team systems of various American and German sides. He was also part of the teams as San Martín (SJ), and Leixões, but mainly played for their reserve teams and failed to debut in the first teams.  Gintarė Volungevičiūtė-Scheidt (November 12, 1982) is an Olympic medal-winning dinghy sailor from Lithuania.  Scheidt was born in New Jersey, United States, to Greek parents. Scheidt's father, John as well as sister, Joan, were both soccer players. Raised in Wall Township, New Jersey, Scheidt played prep soccer at Christian Brothers Academy. [sep] Knowledge2: Scheidt: Scheidt may refer to the following: ; Samuel Scheidt: Scheidt's music is in two principal categories:  instrumental music, including a large amount of keyboard music, mostly for organ; and sacred vocal music, some of which is a cappella and some of which uses a basso continuo or other instrumental accompaniment. In his numerous chorale preludes, Scheidt often used a "patterned variation" technique, in which each phrase of the chorale uses a different rhythmic motive, and each variation is more elaborate than the previous one, until the climax of the composition is reached.  In addition to his chorale preludes, he wrote numerous fugues, suites of dances (which were often in a cyclic form, sharing a common ground bass) and fantasias.
Knowledge1: Toronto Northwest was a federal electoral district represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1925 to 1935. It was located in the city of Toronto in the province of Ontario. This riding was created in 1924 from parts of Parkdale, Toronto North and York South ridings. It consisted of the part of the city of Toronto north of Bloor Street, west of Bathurst St. and east of the Northern Division of the Canadian National Railway, the main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway eastward and Landsdowne Avenue. The electoral district was abolished in 1933 when it was redistributed between Davenport, Spadina, Trinity and York West ridings. [sep] Knowledge2: Toronto Northwest: Toronto Northwest was a federal electoral district represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1925 to 1935. It was located in the city of Toronto in the province of Ontario. This riding was created in 1924 from parts of Parkdale, Toronto North and York South ridings. ; Toronto Northwest: It consisted of the part of the city of Toronto north of Bloor Street, west of Bathurst St. and east of the Northern Division of the Canadian National Railway, the main line of the Canadian Pacific Railway eastward and Landsdowne Avenue.
Knowledge1:  According to the 2013 census, its population was 50, all Croats. [sep] Knowledge2: Gornji Davidovići: Gornji Davidovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Горњи Давидовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1][2]
Knowledge1: Hobbledehoy Record Co.  Hobbledehoy Record Co. ( ) is an artistic-centric independent record label in Adelaide, Australia. Founded by Tom Majerczak while he was attending University in Melbourne, the label has released notable recordings by Blueline Medic, Owen, Arrows, This Will Destroy You and others. [sep] Knowledge2: Hobbledehoy Record Co.: Can you list the top facts and stats about Hobbledehoy Record Co.?; Hobbledehoy Record Co.: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Hobbledehoy Record Co.: Hobbledehoy Record Co. (/ˈhɒbəldihɔɪ/ HOB-əl-dee-hoy) is an artistic-centric[1][2] independent record label in Adelaide, Australia. Founded by Tom Majerczak  while he was attending University[3] in Melbourne, the label has released notable recordings by Blueline Medic,[4] Owen, Arrows,[5][6] This Will Destroy You[7] and others.[8]; Hobbledehoy Record Co.: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Montez Sweat  Shaquan Montez Sweat (born September 4, 1996) is an American football defensive end for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan State, Copiah–Lincoln Community College, and Mississippi State before being drafted by Washington in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft. Section::::High school and college career. Sweat attended Stephenson High School in Stone Mountain, Georgia, where he was rated as one of the top defensive ends in the country. Sweat committed to Michigan State to play college football, where he played in two games for them in 2014, recording one sack, before redshirting in 2015. He left Michigan State in 2016 and enrolled at the Copiah–Lincoln Community College in Mississippi, where he also played for their football team. In 2017, he left again to play for the Mississippi State Bulldogs. In his first season at Mississippi State, Sweat registered 10.5 sacks and was named to the 2017 All-SEC football team. He then followed up by recording 12 sacks as a senior in 2018, making the 2018 All-SEC football team and being named an All-American. [sep] Knowledge2: Perspiration: Although sweating is found in a wide variety of mammals,[6][7] relatively few (apart from humans, horses, some primates and some bovidae) produce sweat in order to cool down.[8] In horses, such cooling sweat is created by apocrine glands[9] and contains a wetting agent, the protein latherin, so it transfers from the skin to the surface of their coats.[10]
Knowledge1: also, Dastak, Դաստակ), was an Armenian-populated village in the Kingdom of Armenia and was administratively a part of the province of Vaspurakan's district of Goght'n. In later centuries, its Armenian population emigrated and settled in nearby settlements, especially Agulis and Shusha. In the early twentieth century, it had a population of about 1,500, most of whom were Muslims. By 1971, its population had risen to 4,500. The remains of two partially destroyed Armenian churches were still preserved at the end of the Soviet period. Dəstə Dəstə (also, Deste, Dasta and Dastamal) is a village and the most populous municipality, after [sep] Knowledge2: Dəhnəxəlil: Əhalinin əsas məşğuliyyəti meyvəçilik və maldarlıqdır. Kənddə qafqaz xurması, heyva, gilasın müxtəlif növləri yetişdirilir. 2009-cu ildə kəndin əhalisinə təbii qazın verilməsi bərpa olunub.[4]
Knowledge1: Khvajeh Soheyl (, also Romanized as Khvājeh Soheyl; also known as Bīd-e Khān, Bīd-e Khvān, Bīd Khān, Bīd Khūn, Bīd Khvān, and Khvājeh Soheyl Bīd Khūn) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 221, in 53 families. Khvajeh Soheyl  Khvajeh Soheyl (, also Romanized as Khvājeh Soheyl; also known as Bīd-e Khān, Bīd-e Khvān, Bīd Khān, Bīd Khūn, Bīd Khvān, and Khvājeh Soheyl Bīd Khūn) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 221, in 53 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Khvajeh Soheyl: Khvajeh Soheyl (Persian: خواجه سهيل, also Romanized as Khvājeh Soheyl; also known as Bīd-e Khān, Bīd-e Khvān, Bīd Khān, Bīd Khūn, Bīd Khvān, and Khvājeh Soheyl Bīd Khūn)[1] is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 221, in 53 families.[2] ; Khvajeh Soheyl: This Bardsir County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The ZEC Petawaga is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting zone) located in the area of Mont-Laurier, in Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality, in the Laurentides, in Quebec, in Canada. The zec is managed by the "Association chasse et pêche de la région de Mont-Laurier inc". The zec was created in 1978 and covers an area of 1186 km2.  Zec Petawaga shares its boundaries with the Zec Lesueur in the east, La Verendrye Wildlife Reserve in the west. Its eastern border is the Baskatong Reservoir. The zec is bounded on the north by the free territory extending to Clova. Zec counts 314 lakes, of which a hundred are used for recreational fishing.  Founded in 1952, the "l'association chasse et pêche de la région de Mont-Laurier inc" had originally the mission of seeding fishes. After organizing several sports-related activities and social in the region, the association has established the International Classic boat which attracted more than 15,000 people annually. In 1978, the Quebec government entrusted the association is responsible for administering the ZEC Petawaga. Zec Petawaga  The ZEC Petawaga is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting zone) located in the area of Mont-Laurier, in Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality, in the Laurentides, in Quebec, in Canada.  The zec is managed by the "Association chasse et pêche de la région de Mont-Laurier inc". The zec was created in 1978 and covers an area of . [sep] Knowledge2: File:Zec Petawaga.jpg: Original file ‎(4,000 × 3,000 pixels, file size: 3.69 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Zec Petawaga.jpg: 5 November 2015; File:Zec Petawaga.jpg: Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. ; File:Zec Petawaga.jpg: The following other wikis use this file: ; File:Zec Petawaga.jpg: This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it.
Knowledge1:  Tapay District is one of twenty districts of Caylloma Province in Peru.  The Chila mountain range traverses the district. One of the highest mountains of the district is Suriwiri. Other mountains are listed below: • Apachita • Janq'u Quta • Jichu Qullu • K'ayrawiri • Llimayuq • Minasniyuq • Minaspata • Pariwana • Puka Puka • Q'illa Q'illa • Q'inchu • Sani • Silla Urqu • Sillani • Such'iri • Utt'aña • Wallatani • Wanqhay T'ira • Wayllaqucha Tapay lies north of the Colca valley. Tapay District  Tapay District is one of twenty districts of Caylloma Province in Peru. [sep] Knowledge2: Tapay District: Tapay District is one of twenty districts of Caylloma Province in Peru.[1] ; Tapay District: The people in the district are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (72.10%) learnt to speak in childhood, 27.10% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census).[3] ; Tapay District: Tapay District is one of twenty districts of Caylloma Province in Peru.[1]
Knowledge1:  Định Bình Lake (Hồ Định Bình) is a large artificial freshwater lake in Vĩnh Thạnh District, Bình Định Province, Vietnam. Work began creating the dam on Côn River in May 2003. It has a capacity of 226 million cubic metres. The lake and dam are expected to provide irrigation for some 12,545 hectares (over 48 square miles). [sep] Knowledge2: Cổ Linh: 22°33′45″N 105°37′28″E
Knowledge1: Mahaboboka is a town and commune (kaominina) in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Sakaraha, which is a part of Atsimo-Andrefana Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,115 in 2018. Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. The majority 80% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 10% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are cassava and sweet potatoes. Services provide employment for 8% of the population. Additionally fishing employs 2% of the population.  Mahaboboka lies at the Fiherenana River.  Natural gas has been discovered in Mahaboboka in 2016. Also minerals, as sapphires are found at Mahaboboka. Mahaboboka  Mahaboboka is a town and commune () in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Sakaraha, which is a part of Atsimo-Andrefana Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,115 in 2018.  Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. The majority 80% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 10% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are cassava and sweet potatoes. Services provide employment for 8% of the population. Additionally fishing employs 2% of the population. [sep] Knowledge2: Mahaboboka: Can you list the top facts and stats about Mahaboboka?; Mahaboboka: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Mahaboboka: Mahaboboka is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Sakaraha, which is a part of Atsimo-Andrefana Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,115 in 2018.; Mahaboboka: Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. Mahaboboka has a police station, an Orthodox Church and a mosque. Traditional graves can be seen close to the road around Mahaboboka. The majority 80% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 10% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are cassava and sweet potatoes.  Services provide employment for 8% of the population. Additionally fishing employs 2% of the population.[2]
Knowledge1:  Dzbonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 km north of Opinogóra Górna, 9 km north-east of Ciechanów, and 83 km north of Warsaw. [sep] Knowledge2: Góra (Cześniki-Kolonia): 50°41′37″N 23°27′34″E
Knowledge1: Awe, Kentucky  Awe is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, Kentucky, United States. The Awe post office  is closed. [sep] Knowledge2: Atomic Weapons Establishment: It remained with the Ministry of Defence, Procurement Executive. However, in 1989, the UK government announced its intention to find a suitable private company to run AWE under a Government Owned/Contractor Operated (GO‑CO) arrangement.
Knowledge1:  Maletín (Moletein) is a village and municipality (obec) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 18.55 km2, and has a population of 361 (as at 28 August 2006). Maletín lies approximately 23 km south-west of Šumperk, 41 km north-west of Olomouc, and 173 km east of Prague. [sep] Knowledge2: Mrákotín (Jihlava District): Mrákotín is located about 27 kilometres (17 mi) southwest of Jihlava. It lies on the border between the Křižanov Highlands and Javořice Highlands. The highest point is the Javořice mountain at 837 m (2,746 ft) above sea level, which is the highest peak of the Javořice Highlands and of the whole Bohemian-Moravian Highlands area. The Myslůvka stream flows through the market town. The territory is rich in fishponds.
Knowledge1: Pichlice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 km north-east of Sokolniki, 17 km east of Wieruszów, and 91 km south-west of the regional capital Łódź.  Pihlice (Пихлице) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Pichlice  Pichlice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sokolniki, east of Wieruszów, and south-west of the regional capital Łódź. [sep] Knowledge2: Pichlice: Pichlice [piˈxlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sokolniki, 17 km (11 mi) east of Wieruszów, and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź. ; Pichlice: Pichlice [piˈxlit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Sokolniki, 17 km (11 mi) east of Wieruszów, and 91 km (57 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Knowledge1: 🇮🇹 Fuscaldo, Italy Pero is twinned with:   Pero (Milanese: Per ) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 9 km northwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 10,378 and an area of 5.0 km2. The municipality of Pero contains the frazioni (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Cerchiate and Cerchiarello. Pero borders the following municipalities: Rho, Milan. Pero is linked to Milan and Rho by the underground line M1 (a.k.a. "red line").  Pero is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae erected by Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer in 1855. [sep] Knowledge2: Pero, Lombardy: Pero (Milanese: Per [ˈpeːr]) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 9 kilometres (6 mi) northwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 10,378 and an area of 5.0 square kilometres (1.9 sq mi).[3] ; Pero, Lombardy: Pero is linked to Milan and Rho by the underground line M1 (a.k.a. "red line"). ; Pero, Lombardy: Pero is twinned with:
Knowledge1: Khafr County is a county in Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42,199, in 10,550 families. The county has two cities: Khavaran and Bab Anar. The county has five rural districts (dehestan): Aliabad Rural District, Gel Berenji Rural District, Khafr Rural District, Rahgan Rural District, and Sefidar Rural District. The Khafr County was established on 2019 in Fars province. Khafr County  Khafr County () is located in Fars province, Iran. The capital of the county is Bab Anar. At the 2006 census, the county's population as a part of Jahrom County was 42,199, in 10,550 households. The following census in 2011 counted 40,535 people, in 11,860 households. At the 2016 census, the county's population as a district of Jahrom County was 42,263, in 13,590 households. It was separated from Jahrom County in 2019. [sep] Knowledge2: Khafr County: Khafr County (Persian: شهرستات خفر) is a county in Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42,199, in 10,550 families.[1]
Knowledge1: Massachusetts Institute of Technology  The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private land-grant research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Established in 1861, MIT has played a key role in the development of modern technology and science, and is one of the most prestigious and highly ranked academic institutions in the world.  Founded in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, MIT adopted a European polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction in applied science and engineering. MIT is one of three private land grant universities in the United States, the others being Cornell University and Tuskegee University. The institute has an urban campus that extends more than a mile (1.6 km) alongside the Charles River, and encompasses a number of major off-campus facilities such as the MIT Lincoln Laboratory, the Bates Center, and the Haystack Observatory, as well as affiliated laboratories such as the Broad and Whitehead Institutes.  , 98 Nobel laureates, 26 Turing Award winners, and 8 Fields Medalists have been affiliated with MIT as alumni, faculty members, or researchers. In addition, 58 National Medal of Science recipients, 29 National Medals of Technology and Innovation recipients, 50 MacArthur Fellows, 83 Marshall Scholars, 41 astronauts, 16 Chief Scientists of the US Air Force, and numerous heads of states have been affiliated with MIT. The institute also has a strong entrepreneurial culture and MIT alumni have founded or co-founded many notable companies. MIT is a member of the Association of American Universities (AAU) and has received more Sloan Research Fellowships and Hertz Fellowships than any other university. [sep] Knowledge2: Overseas Development Institute: As of 2014[update] ODI had more than 230 staff.[11] The Chief Executive is Sara Pantuliano. Alex Thier was ODI Executive Director 2017 – 2019. From 2013 until 2016 it was directed by Kevin Watkins who took over from Dr Alison Evans, formerly of the Institute of Development Studies (IDS) at Sussex University.[12] ODI does not engage in teaching.
Knowledge1: Karimu  Karimu (, also Romanized as Karīmū) is a village in Masabi Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 801, in 287 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Karimu: Karimu (Persian: كريمو, also Romanized as Karīmū)[3] is a village in Masabi Rural District of Ayask District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan province, Iran. ; Karimu: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 801 in 287 households.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 742 people in 289 households.[5] The latest census in 2016 showed a population of 679 people in 282 households; it was the largest village in its rural district.[2]
Knowledge1: Saale-Holzland-Kreis  Saale-Holzland (official German name: Saale-Holzland-Kreis) is a "Kreis" (district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) the district Burgenlandkreis in Saxony-Anhalt, the district-free city Gera, the districts Greiz, Saale-Orla, Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, Weimarer Land and the district-free city Jena. [sep] Knowledge2: Graitschen bei Bürgel: Der Ort gehörte teilweise zu den ernestinischen Ämtern Dornburg und Eisenberg, die aufgrund mehrerer Teilungen zu verschiedenen Ernestinischen Herzogtümern gehörten.[4] Der dornburgische Anteil gehörte ab 1815 zum Großherzogtum Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach, welches ihn 1850 dem Verwaltungsbezirk Weimar II (Verwaltungsbezirk Apolda) angliederte. Der eisenbergische Anteil war eine Exklave und gehörte bis 1826 zum Herzogtum Sachsen-Gotha-Altenburg.[5] Um 1900 ist eine Zugehörigkeit des Orts zum Großherzogtum Sachsen-Weimar-Eisenach belegt.[6]
Knowledge1: Durrenentzen (Dürrenentzen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. Durrenentzen  Durrenentzen (; ) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Durrenentzen: Durrenentzen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France. ; Durrenentzen: Durrenentzen (French pronunciation: [dyʁənɛntsən] ⓘ; German: Dürrenentzen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Knowledge1: Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar  Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar (, also Romanized as Chāl Sīāh Manchātūn Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 9 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar: Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar (Persian: چال سياه من چاتون جوكار, also Romanized as Chāl Sīāh Manchātūn Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 9 families.[1] ; Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar: This Boyer-Ahmad County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: United States Post Office and Courthouse–Billings  The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse–Billings, in Billings, Montana, was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.  It includes Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals architecture and Second Renaissance Revival architecture. Also known as Billings Post Office and Courthouse and as Billings Downtown Station, it served historically as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Montana, and as a post office.<ref name=nris/> The courthouse functions have since been relocated to the James F. Battin U.S. Courthouse.  The building's construction was touted as a great thing for Billings, and its opening was a matter of great pride for the city. The building was expanded and renovated in 1932. [sep] Knowledge2: Billings, Montana: When the railroad came to the area, Coulson residents were sure the town would become the railroads hub and Coulson would soon be the Territories largest city. The railroad only had claim to odd sections and it had two sections side-by-side about two miles west of Coulson. Being able to make far more money by creating a new town on these two sections the railroad decided to create the new town of Billings, the two towns existed side by side for a short time with a trolley even running between them. However, most of Coulson's residents moved to the new booming town of Billings. In the end Coulson faded away with the last remains of the town disappearing in the 1930s. Today Coulson Park, a Billings city park, sits on the river bank where Coulson once was.[31]
Knowledge1: Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District  Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,842, in 1,448 families. The rural district has 46 villages. [sep] Knowledge2: Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District: Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان اشكور سفلي)[3] is in Rahimabad District of Rudsar County, Gilan province, Iran.[4] Its capital is the village of Ziaz.[5] ; Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District: At the National Census of 2006, its population was 4,842 in 1,448 households.[6] There were 4,446 inhabitants in 1,524 households at the following census of 2011.[7] At the most recent census of 2016, the population of the rural district was 5,012 in 1,801 households. The largest of its 49 villages was Aghuzbon Kand Sar, with 627 people.[2]
Knowledge1: Rizuiyeh  Rizuiyeh (, also Romanized as Rīzū’īyeh and Rizoo’eyeh; also known as Nīrū’īyeh, Razaviyeh, Rezu, Rīzū, and Tūkh Rāja) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 13 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Rizuiyeh: Rizuiyeh (Persian: ريزوئيه, also Romanized as Rīzū’īyeh and Rizoo’eyeh; also known as Nīrū’īyeh, Razaviyeh, Rezu, Rīzū, and Tūkh Rāja)[1] is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 13 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  Veliko Korenovo  is a village in Croatia. Veliko Korenovo  Veliko Korenovo is a village in Croatia. [sep] Knowledge2: Veliko Korenovo: Veliko Korenovo is a rural suburb of the city of Bjelovar.   ; Veliko Korenovo: According to the 2021 census, its population was 461.[2] ; Veliko Korenovo: This Bjelovar-Bilogora County geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Veliko Korenovo: Veliko Korenovo is a rural suburb of the city of Bjelovar.
Knowledge1: Gimenells i el Pla de la Font is a municipality in Segrià, Catalonia, Spain, made up of the settlements of Gimenells and the smaller el Pla de la Font. It has an area of 55.8 square kilometres and in 2011 had a population of 1,169. The mayor is Dante Pérez Berenguer. Gimenells i el Pla de la Font  Gimenells i el Pla de la Font is a municipality in Segrià, Catalonia, Spain, made up of the settlements of Gimenells and the smaller el Pla de la Font. It has an area of 55.8 square kilometres and in 2011 had a population of 1,169. The mayor is Dante Pérez Berenguer. [sep] Knowledge2: Gimenells i el Pla de la Font: Gimenells i el Pla de la Font is a municipality in Segrià, Catalonia, Spain, made up of the settlements of Gimenells and the smaller el Pla de la Font.[4] It has an area of 55.8 square kilometres and in 2011 had a population of 1,169.[5] The mayor is Dante Pérez Berenguer.[6]; Gimenells i el Pla de la Font: Oops something went wrong: ; Gimenells i el Pla de la Font: Gimenells i el Pla de la Font es un municipio español de la provincia de Lérida, en la comarca del Segriá. Incluye los núcleos de Gimenells, el Pla de la Font y Santa María de Gimenells. Se formó en 1991 por segregación del municipio de Alpicat.[1]​ ; Gimenells i el Pla de la Font: Gimenells contaba con un pequeño núcleo de habitantes en la época previa a la invasión musulmana, aglutinado en torno a su castillo. ; Gimenells i el Pla de la Font: Sin embargo su historia moderna comienza en 1928, con la ubicación de la Obra Tutelar Agraria y la apertura de los primeros regadíos; en 1939, el Instituto Nacional de Colonización acomete su repoblación.
Knowledge1: La Roche-Clermault is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France. La Roche-Clermault  La Roche-Clermault () is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France. [sep] Knowledge2: La Roche-Clermault: La Roche-Clermault (French pronunciation: [la ʁɔʃ klɛʁmo] ⓘ) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France. ; La Roche-Clermault: Pour les articles homonymes, voir La Roche. ; La Roche-Clermault: La Roche-Clermault est une commune française du département d'Indre-et-Loire, en région Centre-Val de Loire. ; La Roche-Clermault: Ses habitants sont appelés les Clérimaldien(ne)s. ; La Roche-Clermault: La Roche-Clermault se trouve à environ 6 km au sud de Chinon.
Knowledge1:  Białopole (Sommerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech and German borders. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 7 km south-west of Bogatynia, 31 km south of Zgorzelec, and 153 km west of the regional capital Wrocław. [sep] Knowledge2: Biały Kościół, Lesser Poland Voivodeship: This Kraków County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Motion picture content rating system  A motion picture content rating system classifies films based on their suitability for audiences due to their treatment of issues such as sex, violence, or substance abuse; their use of profanity; or other matters typically deemed unsuitable for children or adolescents. Most countries have some form of rating system that issues determinations variously known as "certifications", "classifications", "certificates", or "ratings". Age recommendations, of either an advisory or restrictive capacity, are often applied in lieu of censorship; in some jurisdictions movie theaters may have a legal obligation to enforce restrictive ratings.  In countries such as Australia and Singapore, an official government body decides on ratings; in other countries such as the United States, it is done by industry committees with little if any official government status. In most countries, however, films that are considered morally offensive have been censored, restricted, or banned. Even if the film rating system has no legal consequences, and a film has not explicitly been restricted or banned, there are usually laws forbidding certain films, or forbidding minors to view them. The influence of specific factors in deciding a rating varies from country to country.  Other factors may or may not influence the classification process, such as being set within a non-fictional historical context, whether the film glorifies violence or drug use, whether said violence or drug use is carried out by the protagonist, with whom the viewer should empathize, or by the antagonist. In Germany, for example, films depicting explicit war violence in a real war context (such as the Second World War) are handled more leniently than films with purely fictional settings.  A film may be produced with a particular rating in mind. It may be re-edited if the desired rating is not obtained, especially to avoid a higher rating than intended. A film may also be re-edited to produce a different version for other countries. [sep] Knowledge2: List of countries:   Greenland -   Sealand -   Faroe Islands -   New Caledonia -   Puerto Rico -   Northern Mariana Islands -   Scotland -   Wales -   England -   Northern Ireland -   Guam -   Aruba -   Curaçao -   Sint Maarten -   Guadeloupe -   Martinique -   French Guiana -   Réunion -   Mayotte -   Svalbard and Jan Mayen -   Åland -   Molossia -   Basque Country -   Asturias -   Bonaire -   Sint Eustatius -   Saba -   Adjara -   Anjouan -   Bermuda -   Falkland Islands -   Anguilla -   Guernsey -   Jersey -   Isle of Man -   Northwest Territories -   Yukon -   Nunavut -   Hawaii -   Alaska
Knowledge1: Zhukiv (Ukrainian Жуків), is a major village in Ternopil Raion of Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine. It is located about 8 km north of Berezhany, beside the hill named Huk. Zhukiv belongs to Berezhany urban hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. It is the native village of the famous Ukrainian writer Bohdan Lepky. Zhukiv is located on banks of the river Zolota Lypa near Mountain Him, which is the largest mountain in Zhukiv. Population - 828 persons (2014). Yards - 240.  The first written mention - 1420. Then Zhukiv received Magdeburg rights owned settlement was J. Labonte of Zhukiv. 1530 Zhukiv - Mikolay Sieniavski property. In 1626 as a result of the attack Tatar village was destroyed by 54%. In 1880 there lived and worked Sylvester Lepky (pen name Mark Marian Murawa). There he is buried. He was the father of Bohdan Lepky. Until 18 July 2020, Zhukiv belonged to Berezhany Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Berezhany Raion was merged into Ternopil Raion. [sep] Knowledge2: Zhukov, Kaluga Oblast: Zhukov (Russian: Жу́ков) is a town and the administrative center of Zhukovsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the Ugodka River (Protva's tributary) 90 kilometers (56 mi) northwest of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 16,224 (2021 Census);[7] 12,131 (2010 Census);[2] 12,306 (2002 Census);[8] 2,888 (1989 Census).[9]
Knowledge1: Saint-Vincent-de-Salers  is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France. Saint-Vincent-de-Salers  Saint-Vincent-de-Salers (, literally "Saint-Vincent of Salers"; ) is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France. [sep] Knowledge2: Saint-Vincent-de-Salers: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?). Le bandeau {{ébauche}} peut être enlevé et l’article évalué comme étant au stade « Bon début » quand il comporte assez de renseignements encyclopédiques concernant la commune. Si vous avez un doute, l’atelier de lecture du projet Communes de France est à votre disposition pour vous aider. Consultez également la page d’aide à la rédaction d’un article de commune de France. ; Saint-Vincent-de-Salers: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Saint-Vincent. ; Saint-Vincent-de-Salers: Saint-Vincent-de-Salers est une commune française située dans le département du Cantal, en région Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. ; Saint-Vincent-de-Salers: La vallée représentée dans le tableau de Théodore Rousseau, est traversée par la rivière Mars, et abrite de nombreux villages, dont Saint-Vincent. L'un des principaux sommets du Cantal, le Puy Mary, est au centre, à sa gauche se trouve le petit pic du Puy de Peyre-Arse, et le pic pointu à droite est le Col du Redondet[1]. ; Saint-Vincent-de-Salers: Saint-Vincent-de-Salers est une commune rurale[Note 1],[2]. Elle fait en effet partie des communes peu ou très peu denses, au sens de la grille communale de densité de l'Insee[3],[4].
Knowledge1: Cannabis in Georgia (country)  Cannabis in Georgia is legal in terms of its possession and consumption due to a ruling by the Constitutional Court of Georgia on 30 July 2018. This makes Georgia one of the first countries in the world to legalize cannabis for both recreational and medical use, and the only former-communist state in the world to do so.  Large scale cultivation and sale of cannabis remains illegal, although there have been active discussions in Georgia's political circles on commercializing marijuana. In the political arena, Girchi and its leader Zurab Japaridze emerged as one of the strongest supporters of more liberal cannabis policies, although this view has then been picked up by other political forces as well to some extent. [sep] Knowledge2: Weed Country: Matt Shotwell, the owner of Greenwell's Dispensary, faced criminal charges in connection with the raid and closure of the dispensary in Vallejo, California; charges against him were dismissed in 2013.[13]
Knowledge1: Alder, Montana  Alder is a census-designated place (CDP) in Madison County, Montana, United States. The population was 116 at the 2000 census. The community takes its name from (named by Henry Edgar in 1863), the site of the second major gold discovery in Montana. [sep] Knowledge2: Alder (disambiguation): Alder may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Brizambourg is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. Brizambourg  Brizambourg () is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Brizambourg: Brizambourg (French pronunciation: [bʁizɑ̃buʁ]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Knowledge1:  Calmus (Kaalmes) is a small village in the commune of Saeul, in western Luxembourg. , the town has a population of 76. [sep] Knowledge2: River: Waterfalls also form in the youthful river valley where a band of hard rock overlays a layer of soft rock. Differential erosion occurs as the river erodes the soft rock more readily than the hard rock, this leaves the hard rock more elevated and stands out from the river below. A plunge pool forms at the bottom and deepens as a result of hydraulic action and abrasion.[18]
Knowledge1: Eschbronn  Eschbronn is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. [sep] Knowledge2: Eschbronn: Eschbronn is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Knowledge1: Kondh is a village in Dhrangadhra Taluka in Surendranagar district of Gujarat State, India. Nearby villages are Rajcharadi, Hampar, Navalgadh, Bhechada, Gajanvav, Ratanpar, Rampara, Raygadh, Ravaliyavadar and Narichana. Kondh's main crops are magafali (peanuts) and kappas (cotton). Kondh's Postal Index Number code is 363310 and the postal head office is Surendranagar. Kondh, Surendranagar  Kondh is a village in Dhrangadhra Taluka in Surendranagar district of Gujarat State, India. Nearby villages are Rajcharadi, Hampar, Navalgadh, Bhechada, Gajanvav, Ratanpar, Rampara, Raygadh, Ravaliyavadar and Narichana.  Kondh's main crops are magafali (peanuts) and kappas (cotton).  Kondh's Postal Index Number code is 363310 and the postal head office is Surendranagar. [sep] Knowledge2: Kondh, Surendranagar: Kondh is a village in Dhrangadhra Taluka in Surendranagar district of Gujarat State, India. Nearby villages are Rajcharadi, Hampar, Navalgadh, Bhechada, Gajanvav, Ratanpar, Rampara, Raygadh, Ravaliyavadar and Narichana. ; Kondh, Surendranagar: Kondh's main crops are magafali (peanuts) and kappas (cotton). ; Kondh, Surendranagar: Kondh's Postal Index Number code is 363310 and the postal head office is Surendranagar.[2] ; Kondh, Surendranagar: This article about a location in Surendranagar district, Gujarat, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Rogers, Arkansas  Rogers is a city in Benton County, Arkansas, United States. Located in the Ozarks, it is part of the Northwest Arkansas region, one of the fastest growing metro areas in the country. Rogers was the location of the first Walmart store, whose corporate headquarters is located in neighboring Bentonville. Daisy Outdoor Products, known for its air rifles, has both its headquarters and its Airgun Museum in Rogers.  As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 55,964. In 2019, the estimated population was 68,669, making it the sixth-most populous city in the state. Northwest Arkansas is ranked 109th in terms of population in the United States, with 465,776 inhabitants as of the 2010 U.S. Census. [sep] Knowledge2: Rogers, Arkansas: Ozark Regional Transit provides fixed-route and dial-a-ride transit services in Rogers.[47]
Knowledge1: Cos Cob, Connecticut  Cos Cob is a neighborhood and census-designated place in the town of Greenwich, Connecticut. It is located on the Connecticut shoreline in southern Fairfield County. It had a population of 6,770 at the 2010 census.<ref name="Census 2010"/>  Cos Cob is located on the western side of the mouth of the Mianus River. The American Impressionist Cos Cob Art Colony flourished in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. An offshoot of the group, the Greenwich Art Society, continues to support local artists in town.  The town of Greenwich is one political and taxing body, but consists of several distinct sections or neighborhoods, such as Banksville, Byram, Cos Cob, Glenville, Mianus, Old Greenwich, Riverside and Greenwich (sometimes referred to as central, or downtown, Greenwich). Of these neighborhoods, three (Cos Cob, Old Greenwich, and Riverside) have separate postal names and ZIP codes. From 1883 to 1885, the official post office name of Cos Cob was Bayport.  In 2015, Forbes ranked Cos Cob the 287th wealthiest place in the US with a median house sale price of $1,329,107. [sep] Knowledge2: ISO 3166-1: The ISO 3166/MA may reserve code elements for other entities that do not qualify for inclusion based on the above criteria.[4] For example, because the European Union is not a country, it is not formally included in ISO 3166-1, but for practical reasons, the ISO 3166/MA has "reserved the two-letter combination EU for the purpose of identifying the European Union within the framework of ISO 3166-1".[5]
Knowledge1: Seishin Ursula Gakuen Junior College (聖心ウルスラ学園短期大学) was a private junior college in Nobeoka, Miyazaki, Japan, established in 1967. The present name was adopted in 1991. Originally a women's college, it began admitting male students in 1997. It closed down in 2011. English department  Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College [sep] Knowledge2: Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College: Seishin Ursula Gakuen Junior College (聖心ウルスラ学園短期大学, Seishin urusura gakuen tanki daigaku) was a private junior college in Nobeoka, Miyazaki, Japan, established in 1967. The present name was adopted in 1991. Originally a women's college, it began admitting male students in 1997. It closed down in 2011. ; Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College: 32°32′50″N 131°40′44″E﻿ / ﻿32.54722°N 131.67889°E﻿ / 32.54722; 131.67889 ; Seishi Ursula Gakuen Junior College: This article on a Miyazaki Prefecture institute of higher education or related topic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Selkirk Generating Station is a natural gas-fired station owned by Manitoba Hydro. It is located just across the Red River from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada, in the Rural Municipality of St. Clements. Construction began in 1957, and the station went into commercial service in 1961 with two 66 MW steam turbine-generator units burning lignite coal from Saskatchewan. In 2002 it was converted to burn natural gas, at a cost of $30 million. Selkirk Generating Station  Selkirk Generating Station is a natural gas-fired station owned by Manitoba Hydro. It is located just across the Red River from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada, in the Rural Municipality of St. Clements.  Construction began in 1957, and the station went into commercial service in 1961 with two 66 MW steam turbine-generator units burning lignite coal from Saskatchewan. In 2002 it was converted to burn natural gas, at a cost of $30 million.  The station was decommissioned in 2020. [sep] Knowledge2: Selkirk Generating Station: Selkirk Generating Station is a natural gas-fired station owned by Manitoba Hydro. It is located just across the Red River from Selkirk, Manitoba, Canada, in the Rural Municipality of St. Clements. ; Selkirk Generating Station: Construction began in 1957, and the station went into commercial service in 1961[1] with two 66 MW steam turbine-generator units burning lignite coal from Saskatchewan. In 2002 it was converted to burn natural gas, at a cost of $30 million.[2] ; Selkirk Generating Station: The station was decommissioned in 2020.[3] ; Selkirk Generating Station: This article about a Canadian power station is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Selkirk generating station: The map below shows the exact location of the power station.
Knowledge1:  Devalan is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey. [sep] Knowledge2: Divalan: Divalan (Persian: ديوالان, also Romanized as Dīvālān)[1] is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2021 census, its population was 460, in 72 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  Magyarcsanád (Cenadul Unguresc; Чанад / Čanad) a multi-ethnic village located in Csongrád (county), southeast Hungary near the Mureş River (Maros). The Maros is a border-river here between southern Hungary and northern Romania. The population is mainly Hungarian, but many Romanians, Serbians and Romani people are also living here. Magyarcsanád has four churches: a Romanian Orthodox, a Serbian Orthodox, a Calvinist and a Roman Catholic. The village has an own outskirt called Bökény directly near the Maros. Here is a tumulus (kunhalom) in which archeological artifacts were found. Magyarcsanád has a partner-settlement Comloşu Mare (Nagykomlós) in Timiș County (Temes). An old stone cross was erected near Magyarcsanád in the Middle Ages. The cross still stands. There is a small isle called in Hungarian "Senki szigete" (in English: Nobody's Isle) some kilometers eastward from Magyarcsanád on the border river Mureş. The isle is inhabited by Phalacrocoracidae (Phalacrocorax carbo). [sep] Knowledge2: Danube: (Period: 1970–2015) 6,546 m3/s (231,200 cu ft/s)[7] (Period: 1840–2006) 6,471 m3/s (228,500 cu ft/s)[3]
Knowledge1: Gori Balmak (, also Romanized as Gorī Balmak) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 55 families.  = Gori Balmak  Gori Balmak (, also Romanized as Gorī Balmak) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 55 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Gori Balmak: Gori Balmak (Persian: گري بلمك, also Romanized as Gorī Balmak)[1] is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 55 families.[2] ; Gori Balmak: This Pol-e Dokhtar County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Gori Balmak: Gori Balmak (Persian: گري بلمك, also Romanized as Gorī Balmak)[1] is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 55 families.[2]; Gori Balmak: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: The district is divided into three sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 36 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas, and a further three ambon administrative organizations (TAO).  Wiang Kao (เวียงเก่า, ) is a district (amphoe) of Khon Kaen Province, northeastern Thailand. Wiang Kao district  Wiang Kao (, ) is a district ("amphoe") of Khon Kaen province, northeastern Thailand. [sep] Knowledge2: Wiang Kao district: Wiang Kao (Thai: เวียงเก่า, pronounced [wīa̯ŋ kàw]) is a district (amphoe) of Khon Kaen province, northeastern Thailand. ; Wiang Kao district: The major district (king amphoe) was created by splitting three tambons from Phu Wiang district. Its creation became effective on 1 May 2006.[1] ; Wiang Kao district: On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts.[2] With publication in the Royal Gazette on 24 August the upgrade became official.[3] ; Wiang Kao district: Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Nong Na Kham, Phu Wiang, Chum Phae, and Si Chomphu. ; Wiang Kao district: The district is divided into three sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 36 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas, and a further three ambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Knowledge1:  Pope Francis (Franciscus; Francesco; Francisco; born Jorge Mario Bergoglio, 17 December 1936) is the head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of the Vatican City State since 2013. Francis is the first pope to be a member of the Society of Jesus, the first from the Americas, the first from the Southern Hemisphere, and the first pope from outside Europe since Gregory III, a Syrian who reigned in the 8th century. Born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Bergoglio worked for a time as a bouncer and a janitor as a young man before training to be a chemist and working as a technician in a food science laboratory. After recovering from a severe illness, he [sep] Knowledge2: Francis (given name): Related names are common in other Western European languages, in countries that are (or were before the Reformation) Catholic. Other non-European languages have also adopted variants of the name. These names include:
Knowledge1: Łazy, Sierpc County  Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. [sep] Knowledge2: Łazy, Sierpc County: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Districts of Mongolia  A district (, , , ; "arrow"), is a second level administrative subdivision of Mongolia. The 21 Provinces of Mongolia are divided into 331 districts.  On average, each district administers a territory of with about 5,000 inhabitants, primarily nomadic herders. Its total revenue is 120 million Tögrög, 90% of which comes from national subsidies.  Each district is again subdivided into "bags" (brigades; sometimes spelled "baghs"<ref name="mongol" />). Most bags are of an entirely virtual nature. Their purpose is to sort the families of nomads in the district into groups, without a permanent human settlement.  Officially, and occasionally on maps, many district seats (sum centers) bear a name different from that of the district. However, in practice the district seat (sum center) is most often referred to under the name of the district, to the point of the official name of the district seat (sum center) being unknown even to the locals. [sep] Knowledge2: Bulgan Province: The north of the aimag is characterized by alpine forests, gradually blending in the arid steppe plains of the central Mongolian highland. The main rivers are the Orkhon and the Selenge, first of which enter the aimag from Övörkhangai while the second is enters from Khövsgöl Province. As a result, southern and central Bulgan is one of Mongolia's few arable regions.
Knowledge1: (rural exodus) and immigration from the city of Ankara. Gölbaşı, Ankara Gölbaşı is a town and district of the Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, south of the city of Ankara. According to a 2010 census, the population of the district is 95,109, 93,852 of whom live in the town of Gölbaşı. Although the lakes are polluted and infested with mosquitoes, the picnic areas and lakeside restaurants of Gölbaşı serve as a popular retreat from the city for the people of Ankara. A number of government departments have accommodations here, and the town is slowly but surely [sep] Knowledge2: Gaflei: Carl Schädler purchased property at Gaflei at the end of the 19th century, and at considerable cost developed a spa there. Gaflei became the first health resort in Liechtenstein and is still a popular area for recreation and excursion to this day. From 1930 to 1955, the resort was managed by Rudolf Schädler, who was involved in the persecution and attempted abduction of Alfred Rotter, a Berlin-based Jewish theatre operator who had obtained citizenship from Liechtenstein in order to escape Nazi persecution. He and his wife Gertrud died while fleeing from Schädler and his accomplices, who were later imprisoned for their part in the deaths.[4]
Knowledge1: Crow Harbour is a Canadian unincorporated community in Charlotte County, New Brunswick. Crow Harbour, New Brunswick  Crow Harbour is a Canadian unincorporated community in Charlotte County, New Brunswick. [sep] Knowledge2: Crow Harbour, New Brunswick: Crow Harbour is a Canadian unincorporated community in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.[1] ; Crow Harbour, New Brunswick: This New Brunswick location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Łodygowo, Pisz County  Łodygowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Biała Piska, east of Pisz, and east of the regional capital Olsztyn. It is located in the historic region of Masuria.  The village has a population of 100. [sep] Knowledge2: Łodygowo, Pisz County: The village was founded and inhabited by Polish people.[2] Historically, it had four equivalent Polish names: Łodygowo, Łodwigowo, Łodwigowczyki and Łodwigowszczyki.[2]
Knowledge1: Rafael Erich  Rafael Waldemar Erich (10 June 1879 in Turku – 19 February 1946 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party, Professor, diplomat, and Prime Minister of Finland.  The sixth cabinet of the Republic of Finland, Erich's cabinet, lasted from 15 March 1920 to 9 April 1921 for a total of 391 days.  The most important function and accomplishment of Erich's cabinet was a peace treaty with the Russian SFSR. The peace treaty was made in Tartu, Estonia, on 14 October 1920. This was the time when the Russian SFSR finally completely recognised Finland's independence. [sep] Knowledge2: Rafael Erich: Rafael Waldemar Erich (10 June 1879 in Turku – 19 February 1946 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party, Professor, diplomat, and Prime Minister of Finland.[1] ; Rafael Erich: The sixth cabinet of the Republic of Finland, Erich's cabinet, lasted from 15 March 1920 to 9 April 1921 for a total of 391 days. ; Rafael Erich: Erich Cabinet ; Erich Cabinet: Rafael Erich's cabinet was the sixth Government of Republic of Finland. The cabinet's time period was March 15, 1920 – April 9, 1921. It was a minority government.[1]
Knowledge1: Canton of Baugy  The Canton of Baugy is a former canton in the Cher département and in the Centre region of France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation effective in March 2015. It consisted of 17 communes, It had 11,526 inhabitants in 2012. [sep] Knowledge2: Canton of Baugy: The Canton of Baugy is a former canton in the Cher département and in the Centre region of France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation effective in March 2015. It consisted of 17 communes,[1] which joined the canton of Avord in 2015.[2] It had 11,526 inhabitants in 2012.[1] ; Canton of Baugy: 47°4′59″N 2°43′59″E﻿ / ﻿47.08306°N 2.73306°E﻿ / 47.08306; 2.73306 ; Canton of Baugy: The Canton of Baugy is a former canton in the Cher département and in the Centre region of France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation effective in March 2015. It consisted of 17 communes,[1] which joined the canton of Avord in 2015.[2] It had 11,526 inhabitants in 2012.[1]; Canton de Baugy: Ce canton était organisé autour de Baugy dans l'arrondissement de Bourges. Son altitude variait de 132 m (Moulins-sur-Yèvre) à 263 m (Gron) pour une altitude moyenne de 187 m. ; Canton de Baugy: Le canton de Baugy regroupait dix-sept communes et comptait 9 410 habitants (recensement de 1999 sans doubles comptes).
Knowledge1: As of 28 April 2013  As of 11 May 2012   Anjoma Nandihizana is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Manandriana, which is a part of Amoron'i Mania Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,000 in 2001 commune census. Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. Farming and raising livestock provides employment for 49.9% and 49.9% of the working population. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are sweet potatoes and potatoes. Services provide employment for 0.2% of the population. Anjoma  Anjoma is a town and commune in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Ambalavao, which is a part of Haute Matsiatra Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,000 in 2001 commune census.<ref name="pop"/>  Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. The majority 98% of the population of the commune are farmers, while an additional 1% receives their livelihood from raising livestock. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are beans, maize and cassava. Services provide employment for 1% of the population. [sep] Knowledge2: Anjoma: Anjoma is a rural municipality in Madagascar. It belongs to the district of Ambalavao, which is a part of Haute Matsiatra Region. The population of the commune was estimated to be approximately 13,000 in 2001 commune census.[2] ; Anjoma Nandihizana: Primary and junior level secondary education are available in town. Farming and raising livestock provides employment for 49.9% and 49.9% of the working population. The most important crop is rice, while other important products are sweet potatoes and potatoes. Services provide employment for 0.2% of the population.[1] ; Anjoma Nandihizana: 20°50′05″S 47°08′37″E﻿ / ﻿20.8346°S 47.1435°E﻿ / -20.8346; 47.1435 ; Anjoma Betoho: This Analamanga location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Ittamalliyagoda  Ittamalliyagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. [sep] Knowledge2: Ittamalliyagoda: Ittamalliyagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. ; Ittamalliyagoda: 7°18′N 80°41′E﻿ / ﻿7.300°N 80.683°E﻿ / 7.300; 80.683 ; Country: The World Bank also classifies countries based on GNI per capita. The World Bank Atlas method classifies countries as low-income economies, lower-middle-income economies, upper-middle-income economies, or high-income economies. For the 2020 fiscal year, the World Bank defines low-income economies as countries with a GNI per capita of $1,025 or less in 2018; lower-middle-income economies as countries with a GNI per capita between $1,026 and $3,995; upper-middle-income economies as countries with a GNI per capita between $3,996 and $12,375; high-income economies as countries with a GNI per capita of $12,376 or more.[41] ; Italy: Rome, a settlement around a ford on the river Tiber in central Italy conventionally founded in 753 BC, was ruled for a period of 244 years by a monarchical system, initially with sovereigns of Latin and Sabine origin, later by Etruscan kings. The tradition handed down seven kings: Romulus, Numa Pompilius, Tullus Hostilius, Ancus Marcius, Tarquinius Priscus, Servius Tullius and Tarquinius Superbus. In 509 BC, the Romans expelled the last king from their city, favouring a government of the Senate and the People (SPQR) and establishing an oligarchic republic. ; Italy: Italy, nominally allied with the German Empire and the Empire of Austria-Hungary in the Triple Alliance, in 1915 joined the Allies into World War I with a promise of substantial territorial gains, that included western Inner Carniola, former Austrian Littoral, Dalmatia as well as parts of the Ottoman Empire. The country gave a fundamental contribution to the victory of the conflict as one of the "Big Four" top Allied powers. The war on the Italian Front was initially inconclusive, as the Italian army got stuck in a long attrition war in the Alps, making little progress and suffering heavy losses. However, the reorganization of the army and the conscription of the so-called '99 Boys (Ragazzi del '99, all males born in 1899 who were turning 18) led to more effective Italian victories in major battles, such as on Monte Grappa and in a series of battles on the Piave river. Eventually, in October 1918, the Italians launched a massive offensive, culminating in the victory of Vittorio Veneto. The Italian victory,[125][126][127] which was announced by the Bollettino della Vittoria and the Bollettino della Vittoria Navale, marked the end of the war on the Italian Front, secured the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and was chiefly instrumental in ending the First World War less than two weeks later. Italian armed forces were also involved in the African theatre, the Balkan theatre, the Middle Eastern theatre, and then took part in the Occupation of Constantinople.
Knowledge1: Abra is a village in southern Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Attoutou, Jacqueville Department, Grands-Ponts Region, Lagunes District. Abra was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished. Abra, Ivory Coast  Abra is a village in southern Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Attoutou, Jacqueville Department, Grands-Ponts Region, Lagunes District.  Abra was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished. [sep] Knowledge2: Abra, Ivory Coast: Abra is a village in southern Ivory Coast.  It is in the sub-prefecture of Attoutou, Jacqueville Department, Grands-Ponts Region, Lagunes District. ; Abra, Ivory Coast: Abra was a commune until March 2012, when it became one of 1126 communes nationwide that were abolished.[1] ; Abra, Ivory Coast: This Lagunes District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Abra (province): The first inhabitants of Abra were the ancestors of the Bontocs and the Ifugaos. These inhabitants eventually left to settle in the old Mountain Province. Other early inhabitants were the Tinguians or Itnegs. ; Abra (province): In 1585 the Tingguians were mentioned for the first time in a letter from Father Domingo de Salazar to the King of Spain.
Knowledge1: Kugenuma-Kaigan Station is served by the Odakyu Enoshima Line, with some through services to and from in Tokyo. It lies 58.2 km from the Shinjuku terminus. [sep] Knowledge2: Ichinohe, Iwate: Ichinohe has a mayor-council form of government with a directly elected mayor and a unicameral town council of 14 members. Ichinohe, and the city of Ninohe together contribute two seats to the Iwate Prefectural legislature. In terms of national politics, the town is part of Iwate 2nd district of the lower house of the Diet of Japan.
Knowledge1:  DeWitt Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 479 and it contained 215 housing units. It was renamed from its original name of Marion Township on June 7, 1859. DeWitt  DeWitt Township, DeWitt County, Illinois  DeWitt Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 479 and it contained 215 housing units. It was renamed from its original name of Marion Township on June 7, 1859. [sep] Knowledge2: DeWitt Township: DeWitt Township may refer to the following places in the United States: ; DeWitt Township, DeWitt County, Illinois: DeWitt Township is one of thirteen townships in DeWitt County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 428 and it contained 207 housing units.[2] It was renamed from its original name of Marion Township on June 7, 1859. ; DeWitt Township, DeWitt County, Illinois: The median income for a household in the township was $93,000, and the median income for a family was $94,000. Males had a median income of $80,104 versus $32,457 for females. The per capita income for the township was $45,864. About 6.3% of families and 8.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
Knowledge1: Country Club Centre  Country Club Centre is a shopping center in the Arden-Arcade area in unincorporated Sacramento County, California, United States in the Sacramento area. It is located at the southwest corner of El Camino and Watt Avenues, diagonally across from what was the very first stand-alone store of the now defunct Tower Records chain. It originally opened as a small strip shopping center in 1952 that was later expanded into a regional mall and then later converted into a mixed use of office and retail. The shopping center is currently anchored by the Sacramento area’s only Costco Business Center. It was previously anchored by Walmart (closed), Sam's Club (closed, current Costco Business Center) and Michaels (relocated). [sep] Knowledge2: Centre County, Pennsylvania: There were 57,573 households, out of which 23.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were married couples living together, 3.3% had a male householder with no wife present, 6.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 45.7% were non-families. 28.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91.
Knowledge1: Asahi Station (朝日駅) is a passenger railway station in located in the town of Asahi, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Tōkai).  Asahi Station (旭駅) is a railway station on the Dosan Line in Kōchi city, the capital of Kōchi Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "K03".  Asahi Station (旭駅) is a passenger railway station in the city of Asahi, Chiba Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East). Asahi Station  Asahi Station is the name of four train stations in Japan:    Asahi Station (Mie) [sep] Knowledge2: Asahi Station: Asahi Station is the name of four train stations in Japan: ; Asahi Station (Chiba): Asahi Station opened on 1 June 1897 as Asahichō Station (旭町駅, Asahichō-eki) on the Sōbu Railway for both passenger and freight operations. On 1 September 1907, the Sōbu Railway was nationalised, becoming part of the Japanese Government Railway (JGR). After World War II, the JGR became the Japanese National Railways (JNR). The station was renamed Asahi Station on 1 October 1959. Scheduled freight operations were suspended from 1 July 1973. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. ; Asahi Station (Nagano): Asahi Station is a station on the Nagano Electric Railway Nagano Line. It is 6.3 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Nagano Station and 27 km from the opposite terminus at Yudanaka Station. Both the local train and Express B trains stop at Asahi Station. ; Asahi Station (Nagano): At the western end of the platform, the train runs on parallel tracks connected by two railroad switches. At the eastern end of the platform, the tracks merge to a single track which runs to Fuzokuchūgakumae Station and then to Yanagihara Station. From Yanagihara, the track becomes dual tracked again. ; Asahi Station (Nagano): From the level crossing, there are 7 steps to the platform. There is no wheelchair-accessible slope.
Knowledge1: Stare Brzóski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 4 km east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 47 km south-west of the regional capital Białystok. The village has a population of 170. [sep] Knowledge2: Stare Brzóski: Stare Brzóski [ˈstarɛ ˈbʐuski] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Wysokie Mazowieckie and 47 km (29 mi) south-west of the regional capital Białystok.
Knowledge1:  Bud Bud is a census town in Galsi I CD Block of Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision of Purba Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal. [sep] Knowledge2: Bud, Norway: The 0.72-square-kilometre (180-acre) village has a population (2018) of 795 and a population density of 1,104 inhabitants per square kilometre (2,860/sq mi).[1]
Knowledge1: Tangal-e Behdan (, also Romanized as Tangal-e Behdān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 10 families. Tangal-e Behdan  Tangal-e Behdan (, also Romanized as Tangal-e Behdān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 10 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Tangal-e Behdan: Tangal-e Behdan (Persian: تنگل بهدان, also Romanized as Tangal-e Behdān)[1] is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 10 families.[2]
Knowledge1: Seed 97.5 FM (ซี๊ด เอฟเอ็ม) is a radio station owned and operated by MCOT and based in Bangkok, Thailand. It broadcasts over the 97.5 MHz FM frequency in the Greater Bangkok area, and is repeated nationwide through MCOT Radio's regional network. Seed 97.5 FM ceased broadcasting on 1 January 2017. It was replaced by 97.5 Keep It Mellow. Seed 97.5 FM  Seed 97.5 FM () is a radio station owned and operated by MCOT and based in Bangkok, Thailand. It broadcasts over the 97.5 MHz FM frequency in the Greater Bangkok area, and is repeated nationwide through MCOT Radio's regional network.  Seed 97.5 FM ceased broadcasting on 1 January 2017. It was replaced by 97.5 Keep It Mellow. [sep] Knowledge2: Seed 97.5 FM: Seed 97.5 FM (Thai: ซี๊ด เอฟเอ็ม) is a radio station owned and operated by MCOT and based in Bangkok, Thailand. It broadcasts over the 97.5 MHz FM frequency in the Greater Bangkok area, and is repeated nationwide through MCOT Radio's regional network. ; Seed 97.5 FM: Seed 97.5 FM ceased broadcasting on 1 January 2017.[1] It was replaced by 97.5 Keep It Mellow. ; Seed 97.5 FM: This Thailand-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Seed 97.5 FM: This article about a radio station in Asia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; MCOT: The logo is shown on commercial breaks and test transmissions.
Knowledge1:  Avon Valley is a national park located 47 km northeast of the Perth CBD. In the springtime there is a diverse range of wildflowers. Toilets, water, shaded areas and wood barbecues are available for use, however entry and camping fess apply. John Forrest National Park is a national park in the Darling Scarp, 24 km east of the Perth CBD. It was the first national park in Western Australia. There are several walking trails within the national park, including along the former route of the Eastern Railway. Yanchep is a national park 42 km north of the Perth CBD. The park is noted for its caves, native bush and koala colonies. It also offers cultural educational programmes offered in partnership with the local Nyoongar aboriginal people. [sep] Knowledge2: Perth: At the 2021 census, the most commonly nominated ancestries were:[104]
Knowledge1: 'Ara  Ara (; ) is a village in the Haifa District in northern Israel, located in the Wadi Ara valley. Since 1985, 'Ara has been part of the Ar'ara local council. It is located north of highway 65, between Ar'ara and Kfar Qara. Its population of 4,600 (as of 2004) is almost entirely Muslim. [sep] Knowledge2: Ara: Ara may refer to:
Knowledge1: Wir, Masovian Voivodeship  Wir is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przysucha and south of Warsaw.  The village has an approximate population of 510. [sep] Knowledge2: Wir, Masovian Voivodeship: Wir [vir] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 16 kilometres (10 mi) north-east of Przysucha and 85 km (53 mi) south of Warsaw.
Knowledge1: Avarzaman (, also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān, Āb Zamām, Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī, and Avzamān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,881, in 550 families.  Avarzaman Rural District is a rural district (dehestan) in Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,337, in 1,623 families. The rural district has 10 villages. Avarzaman  Avarzaman (, also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān, Āb Zamām, Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī, and Avzamān) is a village in Avarzaman Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,881, in 550 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Avarzaman: Avarzaman (Persian: اورزمان, also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān, Āb Zamām, Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī, and Avzamān)[3] is a village in Avarzaman Rural District of Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan province, Iran. ; Avarzaman: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 1,881 in 550 households.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 1,679 people in 553 households.[5] The latest census in 2016 showed a population of 1,621 people in 563 households. It was the largest village in its rural district.[2] ; Avarzaman: Avarzaman (Persian: اورزمان, also Romanized as Āvarzamān and Arūzamān; also known as Āb-ī-Zamān, Āb Zamām, Āvar Zamān Tappeh Qayelī, and Avzamān)[3] is a village in Avarzaman Rural District of Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan province, Iran.; Avarzaman: At the 2006 National Census, its population was 1,881 in 550 households.[4] The following census in 2011 counted 1,679 people in 553 households.[5] The latest census in 2016 showed a population of 1,621 people in 563 households. It was the largest village in its rural district.[2]
Knowledge1: Anaran Rural District is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,709, in 912 families. The rural district has 17 villages.  Adaran Rural District is a rural district (dehestan) in Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population (prior to the transfer of Sira and Pol-e Khvab to Asara) was 8,995, in 2,681 families; afterward, the population (as of 2006) was 8,442, in 2,544 families. The rural district has 28 villages. Anaran Rural District  Anaran Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,709, in 912 families. The rural district has 17 villages. [sep] Knowledge2: Anaran Rural District: Anaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان اناران) is in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam province, Iran. ; Anaran Rural District: At the National Census of 2006, its population was 4,709 in 912 households.[3] There were 5,953 inhabitants in 1,212 households at the following census of 2011.[4] At the most recent census of 2016, the population of the rural district was 5,363 in 1,316 households. The largest of its 46 villages was Shahrak-e Vahdat, with 937 people.[2] ; Anaran Rural District: This Dehloran County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Barre Denis  Barre Denis is a second-order administrative division in Castries District on the island nation of Saint Lucia. It has a population of 699. The town within Barre Denis is called Berre Denis. Barre Densis is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, between Deglos and Tourat. [sep] Knowledge2: Barre Denis: Barre Denis is a second-order administrative division in Castries District on the island nation of Saint Lucia.  It has a population of 699.  The town within Barre Denis is called Berre Denis.  Barre Densis  is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, between Deglos and Tourat.[1][2][3] ; Barre Denis: Barre Denis is a second-order administrative division in Castries District on the island nation of Saint Lucia.  It has a population of 699.  The town within Barre Denis is called Berre Denis.  Barre Densis  is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart, between Deglos and Tourat.[1][2][3]
Knowledge1: The Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology (OSI) (in German: Otto-Selz-Institut für Angewandte Psychologie) in Mannheim, Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany is a psychological and interdisciplinary research institute and an associated institution within the University of Mannheim. Under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Georg W. Alpers, president of the Institute, and Prof. Dr. Sabine Matthäus, vice president of the institute, OSI employs a staff of about 20 researchers and additional support staff. The OSI was established in Mannheim in 1964 and is still headquartered there. The institute was named after the German pioneer of neuroscience and last director of the Handelshochschule Mannheim Otto Selz. Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology  The Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology (OSI) (in German: "Otto-Selz-Institut für Angewandte Psychologie") in Mannheim, Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany is a psychological and interdisciplinary research institute and an associated institution within the University of Mannheim. Under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Georg W. Alpers, president of the Institute, and Prof. Dr. Sabine Matthäus, vice president of the institute, OSI employs a staff of about 20 researchers and additional support staff. The OSI was established in Mannheim in 1964 and is still headquartered there. The institute was named after the German pioneer of neuroscience and last director of the Handelshochschule Mannheim Otto Selz. [sep] Knowledge2: Otto Selz: Until recently, his works were largely untranslated from German into English. ; Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology: The Otto-Selz-Institute of Applied Psychology (OSI) (in German: Otto-Selz-Institut für Angewandte Psychologie) in Mannheim, Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany is a psychological and interdisciplinary research institute and an associated institution within the University of Mannheim.[1] Under the leadership of Prof. Dr. Georg W. Alpers,[2] president of the Institute, and Prof. Dr. Sabine Matthäus, vice president of the institute, OSI employs a staff of about 20 researchers and additional support staff. The OSI was established in Mannheim in 1964 and is still headquartered there. The institute was named after the German pioneer of neuroscience and last director of the Handelshochschule Mannheim Otto Selz.[3][4]
Knowledge1: The Daszawa gas field was discovered in 1950. It began production in 1950. The proven reserves of natural gas of the Daszawa gas field are around 72 billion cubic feet (2×109m³). ; The Dzików gas field, discovered in 1962, began production in 1965. Proven reserves are about 70 billion cubic feet (2×109m³). ; Jasionka ; Jodłówka ; Kościan ; Przemyśl ; Radlin ; Terliczka ; Wilga ; Wola Obszańska ; Żołynia [sep] Knowledge2: Jodłówka gas field: This Poland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The Tupper-Barnett House (also known as Bennett House or Barnett Tupper McRae House) is a historic house located at 101 US 78B in Washington, Georgia. Built as a high-end Federal style residence, it was augmented about 1860 with one of the nation's finest examples of a full peristyle Greek Revival colonnade. It was declared a National Historic Landmark on November 7, 1973.  The house was built around 1832 by William H. Pope, and eventually came into the ownership of Henry Tupper, who in about 1860 added the colonnade. This work was done in such a seamless way that it is difficult to discern that it was in fact a later addition. In the early 20th century the house was owned by Edward Augustus Barnett, a mayor of Washington.  It stands near the center of Washington, at the northwest corner of United States Route 78B and Allison Street. It is a two-story wood-framed structure, set on a high foundation. It is completely encircled by a two-story colonnade of fluted Doric columns, which are supported by brick piers, providing a covered walkway under the porch. Access to the main entrance is provided by a projecting open porch with stairs extending to the sides. Its main facade behind the colonnade is five bays wide, with the main entrance in the center bay, flanked by sidelight windows and topped by an arched transom window. Above the entrance is a second door with similar styling, which opens onto an iron balcony. The interior of the house follows a typical Federal period center hall plan, with a pair of rooms on each side on each floor. The front parlors on the main floor have exceptionally high quality woodwork with elaborate details, while other rooms have simpler detail but still high quality. Tupper-Barnett House  The Tupper-Barnett House (also known as Bennett House or Barnett Tupper McRae House) is a historic house located at 101 US 78B in Washington, Georgia. Built as a high-end Federal style residence, it was augmented about 1860 with one of the nation's finest examples of a full peristyle Greek Revival colonnade. It was declared a National Historic Landmark on November 7, 1973. [sep] Knowledge2: Tupper-Barnett House: The Tupper-Barnett House (also known as Bennett House or Barnett Tupper McRae House) is a historic house located at 101 US 78B in Washington, Georgia. Built as a high-end Federal style residence, it was augmented about 1860 with one of the nation's finest examples of a full peristyle Greek Revival colonnade. It was declared a National Historic Landmark on November 7, 1973.[3] ; Tupper-Barnett House: It stands near the center of Washington, at the northwest corner of United States Route 78B and Allison Street. It is a two-story wood-framed structure, set on a high foundation. It is completely encircled by a two-story colonnade of fluted Doric columns, which are supported by brick piers, providing a covered walkway under the porch. Access to the main entrance is provided by a projecting open porch with stairs extending to the sides. Its main facade behind the colonnade is five bays wide, with the main entrance in the center bay, flanked by sidelight windows and topped by an arched transom window. Above the entrance is a second door with similar styling, which opens onto an iron balcony. ; Tupper-Barnett House: The interior of the house follows a typical Federal period center hall plan, with a pair of rooms on each side on each floor. The front parlors on the main floor have exceptionally high quality woodwork with elaborate details, while other rooms have simpler detail but still high quality.[3] ; Tupper-Barnett House: The house was built around 1832 by William H. Pope, and eventually came into the ownership of Henry Tupper, who in about 1860 added the colonnade. This work was done in such a seamless way that it is difficult to discern that it was in fact a later addition. In the early 20th century the house was owned by Edward Augustus Barnett, a mayor of Washington.[3] ; Tupper-Barnett House: Can you list the top facts and stats about Tupper-Barnett House?
Knowledge1: the river, from Zrenjanin to the Romanian border. It is planned that the entire project will be finished in 4 years, by 2022. Settlements on Novi Begej include the villages of Srpski Itebej (with a huge fishpond), Novi Itebej, Torak (formerly Begejci) and Žitište. The following rivers are tributaries to the river Bega (in downstream order): Left: Bega Luncanilor (Bega Mare), Pârâul Carpenului, Șopot, Vădana, Bucovăț, Zopana, Bălășina, Gladna, Timișel, Glavița Right: Bega Poieni (Bega Mică), Homojdia, Năndrăneasca, Icui, Zidileasca, Bunea, Cladova, Nieregiș, Fădimac, Miniș, Chizdia, Temeșiț, Mociur, Valea Țiganului, Gherteamoș, Potoc-Remetea, Behela, Bega Veche Part of the water from [sep] Knowledge2: Izvorul Morarului River: Geobox River  name = Izvorul Morarului River native_name =  other_name =  other_name1 =   image_size =  image_caption =  country_type = Countries state_type = region_type = district_type = Counties city_type = Villages country = Romania country1 = state =  state1 =  region =  region1 = district = Caraş-Severin County district1 =  city =  city1 =  length =  watershed =  discharge_location =  discharge =  discharge_max =  discharge_min =  discharge1_location =  discharge1 =  source_name =  source_location = Munţii Godeanu source_district = source_region = source_state =  source_country =  source_lat_d =  source_lat_m =  source_lat_s =  source_lat_NS =  source_long_d =  source_long_m =  source_long_s =  source_long_EW =  source_elevation =  source_length =  mouth_name =Râul Şes mouth_location = mouth_district = mouth_region = mouth_state =  mouth_country =  mouth_lat_d =  mouth_lat_m =  mouth_lat_s =  mouth_lat_NS =  mouth_long_d =  mouth_long_m =  mouth_long_s =  mouth_long_EW = mouth_elevation =  tributary_left =  tributary_left1 =  tributary_right =  tributary_right1 =  free =  free_type = Official River Code   map_size =  map_caption = The Izvorul Morarului River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania. References* Administraţia Naţională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - Bucureşti* Institutul de Meteorologie şi Hidrologie - Rîurile României - Bucureşti 1971Maps* Harta judeţului Caraş-Severin [http://www.harta-turistica.ro/map.php?ID=29&harta=Judetul%20Caras%20Severin] * Harta Munţilor Godeanu [http://harti.mielu.ro/godeanu.html]; Izvorul Morarului River: The Izvorul Morarului River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania. References* Administraţia Naţională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - Bucureşti* Institutul de Meteorologie şi Hidrologie - Rîurile României - Bucureşti 1971Maps* Harta judeţului Caraş-Severin [http://www.harta-turistica.ro/map.php?ID=29&harta=Judetul%20Caras%20Severin] * Harta Munţilor Godeanu [http://harti.mielu.ro/godeanu.html]; Izvorul Morarului River: References* Administraţia Naţională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - Bucureşti* Institutul de Meteorologie şi Hidrologie - Rîurile României - Bucureşti 1971Maps* Harta judeţului Caraş-Severin [http://www.harta-turistica.ro/map.php?ID=29&harta=Judetul%20Caras%20Severin] * Harta Munţilor Godeanu [http://harti.mielu.ro/godeanu.html]; Izvorul Morarului River: * Administraţia Naţională Apelor Române - Cadastrul Apelor - Bucureşti* Institutul de Meteorologie şi Hidrologie - Rîurile României - Bucureşti 1971Maps* Harta judeţului Caraş-Severin [http://www.harta-turistica.ro/map.php?ID=29&harta=Judetul%20Caras%20Severin] * Harta Munţilor Godeanu [http://harti.mielu.ro/godeanu.html]; Izvorul Morarului River: * Harta judeţului Caraş-Severin [http://www.harta-turistica.ro/map.php?ID=29&harta=Judetul%20Caras%20Severin] * Harta Munţilor Godeanu [http://harti.mielu.ro/godeanu.html]
Knowledge1: Mehran Kushk (, also Romanized as Mehrān Kūshk; also known as Mīrān Kush) is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Eslamiyeh District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 418, in 139 families. Mehran Kushk  Mehran Kushk (, also Romanized as Mehrān Kūshk; also known as Mīrān Kush) is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Eslamiyeh District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 418, in 139 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Mehran Kushk: Mehran Kushk (Persian: مهرانكوشك, also Romanized as Mehrān Kūshk; also known as Mīrān Kush)[1] is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Eslamiyeh District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 418, in 139 families.[2] ; Mehran Kushk: Mehran Kushk (Persian: مهرانكوشك, also Romanized as Mehrān Kūshk; also known as Mīrān Kush)[1] is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Eslamiyeh District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 418, in 139 families.[2]; Mehran Kushk: Oops something went wrong: ; Mehran Kushk: Mehran Kushk (Pho-su-gí: مهرانكوشك) sī chi̍t ê tī Iran Islam Kiōng-hô-kok Lâm Khorasan Séng Ferdows Kūn Tiong-iong Koān Baghestan Hiong ê chng-thâu.[2] Tī 2006 nî phó͘-cha ê sî-chūn, chit-ê chng-thâu ū 418 ê lâng tòa, chóng-kiōng ū 139 hō͘ jîn-ke. ; Mehran Kushk: Pang-bô͘:Ferdows Kūn
Knowledge1: Astrodomi Observatory  Astrodomi observatory is an astronomical observatory located in Tigre, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It has observatory code I37.<ref name="MPC-obs-codes" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Observatories by country: Map of all coordinates on OSM (2 levels)
Knowledge1: the Ottoman Sultan Murat I, who liked the area as a watering hole so much he camped here.Therefore, the place was named after him, which is originally "Murateli" that means "under protection of Murat" . There have been settlements here for a long, long time and groundworks in the area often turn up copper and pottery artefacts. Despite having good flat farmland watered by the River Ergene, and the beginnings of industrial development too, Muratlı is insignificant and sandwiched between the larger towns of Tekirdağ and Çorlu. The town consists of one or two shopping streets, a couple of banks [sep] Knowledge2:  Muratdere, BozÃ¼yÃ¼k : Muratdere is a village in the District of BozÃ¼yÃ¼k, Bilecik Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of  298 people.[1]
Knowledge1:  Mieleszki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately 6 km south-east of Gródek and 36 km east of the regional capital Białystok. The village has a population of 90. [sep] Knowledge2: Miętkie-Kolonia: W latach 1975–1998 miejscowość administracyjnie należała do województwa zamojskiego. Wieś stanowi sołectwo gminy Mircze[6]. Według Narodowego Spisu Powszechnego (III 2011 r.) liczyła 222 mieszkańców[7] i była trzynastą co do wielkości miejscowością gminy Mircze.
Knowledge1: Szczecin Scientific Society  Szczecin Scientific Society (Polish: "Szczecińskie Towarzystwo Naukowe", STN, Latin: "Societas Scientarum Scecinensis") is a general scientific society in Szczecin, Poland, associating researchers of all scientific branches.  It was founded in 1956 with its headquarters in Szczecin as the main scientific society in the Western Pomerania region. Its main scope of activity is research on all aspects of (West) Pomeranian cities and regions, it organizes scientific conferences and popular lectures, publishes books and periodicals.  Main publications: [sep] Knowledge2: Szczecin Scientific Society: Szczecin Scientific Society (Polish: Szczecińskie Towarzystwo Naukowe, STN, Latin: Societas Scientarum Scecinensis) is a general scientific society in Szczecin, Poland, associating researchers of all scientific branches. ; Szczecin Scientific Society: It was founded in 1956 with its headquarters in Szczecin as the main scientific society in the Western Pomerania region.  Its main scope of activity is research on all aspects of (West) Pomeranian cities and regions, it organizes scientific conferences and popular lectures, publishes books and periodicals. ; Szczecin Scientific Society: Main publications: ; Szczecin: Babin, Barnucin, Basen Górniczy, Błędów, Boleszyce, Bystrzyk, Cieszyce, Cieśnik, Dolina, Drzetowo, Dunikowo, Glinki, Grabowo, Jezierzyce, Kaliny, Kępa Barnicka, Kijewko, Kluczewko, Kłobucko, Kniewo, Kraśnica, Krzekoszów, Lotnisko, Łasztownia, Niemierzyn, Odolany, Oleszna, Podbórz, Port, os.Przyjaźni, Rogatka, Rudnik, Sienna, Skoki, Słowieńsko, Sosnówko, Starków, Stoki, Struga, Śmierdnica, os.Świerczewskie, Trzebusz, Urok, Widok, Zdunowo. ; Szczecin: The word "szczeciński" or "szczecińskie" in the names of the products is an adjective from the name of the city of Szczecin, the place of its origin.
Knowledge1:  Märstetten has a population of. , 10.6% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 9.9%. Most of the population speaks German (94.8%), with Albanian being second most common ( 1.6%) and Italian being third ( 0.8%). , the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The population was made up of 1,057 Swiss men (43.5% of the population), and 144 (5.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,116 Swiss women (45.9%), and 114 (4.7%) non-Swiss women. In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and 4 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 11 [sep] Knowledge2: Märstetten: Märstetten has an area, as of 2009[update], of 9.97 square kilometers (3.85 sq mi).  Of this area, 6.73 km2 (2.60 sq mi) or 67.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 1.98 km2 (0.76 sq mi) or 19.9% is forested.   Of the rest of the land, 1.18 km2 (0.46 sq mi) or 11.8% is settled (buildings or roads), 0.05 km2 (12 acres) or 0.5% is either rivers or lakes.[4]
Knowledge1: Riethnordhausen is a municipality in the Sömmerda district of Thuringia, Germany.  Riethnordhausen is situated in the Rieth in the lower Helme valley, north-east of the Kyffhäuser and south-west of Sangerhausen, the capital of the Mansfeld-Südharz, from which the connecting road leads to the place, which crosses here with the road between Kelbra and Artern.  Riethnordhausen is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 1 July 2009, it is part of the municipality Wallhausen. Riethnordhausen, Thuringia  Riethnordhausen is a municipality in the Sömmerda district of Thuringia, Germany. [sep] Knowledge2: Riethnordhausen, Saxony-Anhalt: Riethnordhausen is situated in the Rieth in the lower Helme valley, north-east of the Kyffhäuser and south-west of Sangerhausen, the capital of the Mansfeld-Südharz, from which the connecting road leads to the place, which crosses here with the road between Kelbra and Artern. ; Riethnordhausen: Riethnordhausen may refer to the following places in Germany:
Knowledge1: Tervola Radio and TV-Mast is a mast in Tervola, Finland. It has a height of 302 metres (991 feet). Tervola Radio and TV-Mast  Tervola Radio and TV-Mast is a mast in Tervola, Finland. It has a height of 302 metres (991 feet). [sep] Knowledge2: Tervola Radio and TV-Mast: Tervola Radio and TV-Mast is a mast in Tervola, Finland. It has a height of 302 metres (991 feet). ; Tervola Radio and TV-Mast: 66°07′00″N 24°41′56″E﻿ / ﻿66.11667°N 24.69889°E﻿ / 66.11667; 24.69889﻿ (Tervola Radio and TV-Mast) ; Tervola Radio and TV-Mast: This article about a mast or transmitter tower in Europe is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Tervola Radio and TV-Mast: This article about a Finnish building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Abdul Mannan Bhuiyan Stadium is located by the Narsingdi Circuit House and NKM High School & Homes in Narsingdi, Bangladesh. It is one of the biggest stadiums in the district. Now its name has changed. Its name is Saheed Musleh Uddin Bhuiyan Stadium [sep] Knowledge2: Musleh Uddin Bhuiyan Stadium: 23°55′55.44″N 90°42′36.94″E﻿ / ﻿23.9320667°N 90.7102611°E﻿ / 23.9320667; 90.7102611
Knowledge1: Alu, Ardabil  Alu (, also Romanized as Ālū, Āllū, and Alov) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 17 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Alu, Estonia: Alu was first mentioned in 1241 as Alafæ village in the Danish Census Book.
Knowledge1: Rokycany Rokycany (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It is east of the region capital Plzeň on the confluence of the River Klabava and the Holoubkov Brook (). Alternatively, the Holoubkovský potok is referred to as the Borecký potok and the section of the Klabava River down to the confluence as the Padrťský potok. There is another smaller brook (Rakovský potok or Rakováček) in the western part of the town. The town is in the lowland, above sea level, bordered by hilly woodlands, especially the Brdy mountains to the east and the Radeč [sep] Knowledge2: Chotýčany: This South Bohemian Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Asseek River  The Asseek River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing north out of the Pacific Ranges to enter saltwater at the head of South Bentinck Arm. The name has been used since 1930, but an earlier map from 1913 shows it as the Talolail River. Also entering South Bentinck Arm a few miles north on the east side of the inlet is the Taleomey River, whose estuary forms Taleomey Narrows, a constriction of the inlet, and also where is the location of Taleomy Indian Reserve No. 3 of the Nuxalk Nation. Another constriction south of the Taleomey estuary, and immediately north of the Asseek's mouth is Bentinck Narrows, which is formed by the alluvial fan of Ickna Creek.  There was a Nuxalk village named "Aseik" in the area of the Asseek's mouth, as was also "Koapk". [sep] Knowledge2: Asseek River: Suba ang Asseek River sa Kanada.[1] Nahimutang ni sa kondado sa Central Coast Regional District ug lalawigan sa British Columbia, sa kasadpang bahin sa nasod, 3,700 km sa kasadpan sa Ottawa ang ulohan sa nasod. Asseek River nidagayday paingon ngadto sa Kadagatang Pasipiko.
Knowledge1:  Gąsiorowo (Ganshorn bei Gilgenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 17 km north of Działdowo and 50 km south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 263. Until 1945 it was part of Germany, in the province of East Prussia. [sep] Knowledge2: Gąsiorowo, Legionowo County: Gąsiorowo [ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]
Knowledge1: Jeqjeq-e Pain  Jeqjeq-e Pain is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran. [sep] Knowledge2: Jeqjeq-e Pain: Jeqjeq-e Pain is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.[1] ; Jeqjeq-e Pain: This Ardabil province location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The Dragomirna is a left tributary of the river Suceava in Romania. It flows into the Suceava in the city Suceava. Its length is 16 km and its basin size is 34 km2. Its lowermost course is shared with the river Mitoc, another left tributary of the Suceava. [sep] Knowledge2: Dragomirna (Suceava): This article related to  a river in Suceava County is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 44 families. Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh  Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 44 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh: Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh (Persian: محمدابادرزاق زاده, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād)[1] is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 44 families.[2] ; Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh: Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh (Persian: محمدابادرزاق زاده, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Razzāqzādeh and Moḩammadābād Razzāqzādeh; also known as Moḩammadābād)[1] is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 44 families.[2]; Mohammadabad-e Razzaqzadeh: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Grant is a former rural locality in the Barcaldine Region, Queensland, Australia. In the, Grant had a population of 11 people. On 22 November 2019 the Queensland Government decided to amalgamate the localities in the Barcaldine Region, resulting in five expanded localities based on the larger towns: Alpha, Aramac, Barcaldine, Jericho and Muttaburra. Grant was mostly incorporated into Barcaldine, except for the eastern corner which was incorporated into Jericho. [sep] Knowledge2: Grant: Grant or Grants may refer to:
Knowledge1: The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil. Rubim do Norte River  The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil. [sep] Knowledge2: Rubim do Norte River: The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil. ; Rubim do Norte River: 16°07′06″S 40°24′58″W﻿ / ﻿16.1183°S 40.4160°W﻿ / -16.1183; -40.4160 ; Rubim do Norte River: This article related to a river in Minas Gerais is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Rubim do Norte River: The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.; Rubim do Norte River: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Institute of Chemistry of Ireland  The Institute of Chemistry of Ireland (ICI) is a society representing chemists in the Republic of Ireland. It is led by Celine Marmion, a Professor of Chemistry at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. [sep] Knowledge2: Royal Institute of Chemistry: The society received its first Royal Charter on 13 June 1885, and King George VI awarded the society royal patronage with effect from 14 May 1943,[1] from which date it became the Royal Institute of Chemistry of Great Britain and Ireland (RICGBI). This re-designation was formally confirmed by the grant of a Supplemental Charter on 29 March 1944.[2]
Knowledge1:  The Lima metropolitan area is Peru's capital and largest city with over 10 million inhabitants, more than one third of the total national population. [sep] Knowledge2: Lima: Later, as the original inhabitants died out and the local Quechua became extinct, the Cuzco pronunciation prevailed. Nowadays, Spanish-speaking locals do not see the connection between the name of their city and the name of the river that runs through it. They often assume that the valley is named after the river; however, Spanish documents from the colonial period show the opposite to be true.[8]
Knowledge1:  in Garden City, Kansas ; KKNG-FM in Blanchard, Oklahoma ; KKRC-FM in Sioux Falls, South Dakota ; in Davenport, Washington ; in Santa Fe, New Mexico ; in Blackfoot, Idaho ; in San Francisco, California ; in Lee's Summit, Missouri ; in New Deal, Texas ; in Kaplan, Louisiana ; KMEI-LP in Kamiah, Idaho ; in Redding, California ; KNEH-LP in Helena, Montana ; in Blair, Nebraska ; KOLC in Carson City, Nevada ; KPSQ-LP in Fayetteville, Arkansas ; KPUY in Garwood, Texas ; in Waskom, Texas ; KQSB-LP in Paris, Texas ; in Aurora, Nebraska ; KRJK in Lamont, California ; in Wailea-Makena, Hawaii ; [sep] Knowledge2: Meridian Regional Airport: In 2020, service was then shifted to United Express with flights to the George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. The United Express flights are also operated by SkyWest Airlines with CRJ-200 jets.[17]
Knowledge1:  Záblatí is a village and municipality (obec) in Jindřichův Hradec District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. The municipality covers an area of 10.26 km2, and has a population of 85. Záblatí lies approximately 25 km west of Jindřichův Hradec, 21 km north-east of České Budějovice, and 111 km south of Prague. [sep] Knowledge2: Záblatí (Bohumín): Politically it belonged then to the Duchy of Opole and Racibórz and Castellany of Cieszyn, which was in 1290 formed in the process of feudal fragmentation of Poland and was ruled by a local branch of Piast dynasty. In 1327 the duchy became a fee of Kingdom of Bohemia, which after 1526 became part of the Habsburg monarchy.
Knowledge1: Ba Thín (Sông Ba Thín) is a tributary of the Kỳ Cùng River. It originates in the high mountains of Guangxi, China, and joins the Kỳ Cùng River in Qu Xa commune in Lộc Bình District of Lạng Sơn Province in northeastern Vietnam. The river is 52 km long and has a catchment area of 320 km2. [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:WikiProject Vietnam/Assessment: If you have any other questions not listed here, please feel free to ask them on the discussion page for this department.
Knowledge1:  as the Sweet City of Colombia since a part of its economy is based on food processing such as Chepacorinas Cookies, Coco Casadilla, Panochas, among others. As for transport infrastructure, its geographically privileged position makes it conducive to the construction of a dry port. Since it connects the Colombian Caribbean with the Santanderes through the Ruta del Sol, it is also a key point of connection of the west of the country to the large ports of Barranquilla and Cartagena by the Troncal de Occidente; and through the Transversal Montes de María communicates this important national road artery with the Gulf [sep] Knowledge2: Municipio El Carmen Rivero Tórrez: Die Bevölkerungsdichte des Landkreises bei der letzten Volkszählung von 2012 betrug 0,6 Einwohner/km², der Alphabetisierungsgrad bei den über 15-Jährigen war von 88,5 Prozent (1992) auf 93,0 Prozent angestiegen. Die Lebenserwartung der Neugeborenen im Jahr 2001 betrug 68,5 Jahre, die Säuglingssterblichkeit lag bei 5,5 Prozent.
Knowledge1: Kawahigashi Station (川東駅) is a train station located in Imari, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is on the Nishi-Kyūshū Line which has been operated by the third-sector Matsuura Railway since 1988.  Kawahigashi Station (川東駅) is a railway station in the city of Sukagawa, Fukushima, Japan operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East). Kawahigashi Station (Fukushima) Kawahigashi Station (Saga)  Trains on this branch terminate at either or . Travellers can transfer at for local trains to , then onto a local or rapid train to . It is 11.6 km from .<ref name="official-page" /> Kawahigashi Station  Kawahigashi Station is the name of two train stations in Japan: [sep] Knowledge2: Kawahigashi Station (Saga): Kawahigashi Station (川東駅, Kawahigashi-eki, かわひがしえき) is a train station located in Imari, Saga Prefecture, Japan.[1][2] It is on the Nishi-Kyūshū Line[3] which has been operated by the third-sector Matsuura Railway since 1988.[4] ; Kawahigashi Station (Saga): Trains on this branch terminate at either Arita or Imari. Travellers can transfer at Imari for local trains to Saza, then onto a local or rapid train to Sasebo. It is 11.6 km from Arita.[5] ; Kawahigashi Station (Saga): The station consists of one ground-level side platform with a bi-directional track. ; Kawahigashi Station (Saga): This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia. ; Kawahigashi Station (Fukushima): Kawahigashi Station (川東駅, Kawahigashi-eki) is a railway station in the city of Sukagawa, Fukushima, Japan operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Knowledge1:  per year and works by gravimetry. It produces tungsten (scheelite) concentrates with 65% WO3 at an average of 100-140 ton per month. Since 2008, Los Santos has produced approximately 8,500 tons of tungsten concentrate, making it, in terms of production, the biggest tungsten mine in Spain, taking into consideration all historical producers. The tailings of the processing plant are dry-stacked for subsequent re-processing, as much of its contained mineralization is not extracted and in the future, with changes in plant design, will be reprocessed; then the final tailings will be dumped into the restoration of the last pit shell.  Los Santos mine  Los Santos Mine is a tungsten open pit mine in the province of Salamanca (Spain). The only tungsten producing mine in Spain, it has been in continuous production since its commissioning in 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Los Santos mine: Los Santos Mine[1] is a tungsten open pit mine in the province of Salamanca (Spain). The only tungsten producing mine in Spain, it has been in continuous production since its commissioning in 2008. ; Los Santos mine: The Los Santos scheelite deposit in western Spain was originally investigated by Billiton in the 1970s. Ownership passed into the hands of Siemcal S.A. (SIEMCALSA), a publicly owned company of mining and geological consultants based in Valladolid, Spain. In 2007 the deposit was purchased by Daytal, which at the time was 100% owned by Heemskirk Consolidated Limited (Heemskirk). The mine started production in 2008, managed by Daytal. The mine has continued operation since. Daytal was acquired by Almonty Industries in September 2011.[2] The production mining operations currently employ 30 people – all contractors. All of the other 68 employees on site work directly for Daytal. ; Los Santos mine: Los Santos is located in the western part of the Iberian Peninsula, in the southern part of the province of Salamanca, within the municipalities of Los Santos, Fuenterroble de Salvatierra and Valdelacasa at longitude 5° 46′ west and latitude 40° 32′ north. It is 180 km west of Madrid, 50 km south of the city of Salamanca and 1 km east of the town of Los Santos. Coming from Guijuelo,  the access is done by a road right at the entrance of Los Santos village. ; Los Santos mine: The average altitude of the sector where the deposit is located is 1.000 m above sea level, being located in the South slope of a hill, that extends 3 km from West to East, with a maximum altitude of 1.108 m, descending towards the South to 900 m. The climate is warm Mediterranean, with cold winters and an annual average rainfall of 900 mm, mainly between November and March, with minimums in June, July and August. The average annual temperature is between 11 °C and 14 °C, with a maximum registered value of 38 °C and a minimum of -14 °C. The values for real evapotranspiration is between 40 and 80% of precipitation. The solar evaporation is in the order of 1500 mm/year. ; Los Santos mine: Los Santos lies within Lower Palaeozoic sediments in the Central Iberian Tectonic Zone, which forms part of a Europe-wide, Variscan age orogenic belt. The stratigraphy comprises a thick sequence of clastic metasediments, ortho- and para-gneisses, with volcanic and carbonate formations. This stratigraphy was intruded by Hercynian (274 Ma old) granitoids in a series of plutons, with numerous, crosscutting granite and aplite dykes, sills and irregular pods intruding the metasediments up to 0.5km from the regional granite contact.
Knowledge1: Whited Township is a township in Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 808 at the 2000 census. Whited Township was named for Oric Ogilvie Whited, an early landowner.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 30.6 square miles (79.4 km2), of which 30.5 square miles (78.9 km2) is land and 0.2 square mile (0.4 km2) (0.55%) is water. Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota  Whited Township is a township in Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 808 at the 2000 census.  Whited Township was named for Oric Ogilvie Whited, an early landowner. [sep] Knowledge2: Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota: Whited Township is a township in Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 808 at the 2000 census. ; Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota: Whited Township was named for Oric Ogilvie Whited, an early landowner.[3] ; Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota: According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 30.6 square miles (79.4 km2), of which 30.5 square miles (78.9 km2) is land and 0.2 square mile (0.4 km2) (0.55%) is water. ; Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota: As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 808 people, 300 households, and 233 families residing in the township.  The population density was 26.5 inhabitants per square mile (10.2/km2).  There were 363 housing units at an average density of 11.9/sq mi (4.6/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 97.90% White, none Black or African American, 0.99% Native American, 0.12% Asian, none are Pacific Islander or from other races, and 0.99% are from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.62% of the population. ; Whited Township, Kanabec County, Minnesota: There were 300 households, out of which 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.7% were married couples living together, 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.3% were non-families. 19.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.02.
Knowledge1: Asalem District is a district (bakhsh) in Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39,089, in 9,203 families. The District has one city: Asalem. The District has three rural districts (dehestan): Asalem Rural District, Khaleh Sara Rural District, and Kharajgil Rural District. Asalem Rural District  Asalem Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20,226, in 4,765 families. The rural district has 31 villages.  Asalem District  Asalem District () is a district (bakhsh) in Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39,089, in 9,203 families. The District has one city: Asalem. The District has three rural districts ("dehestan"): Asalem Rural District, Khaleh Sara Rural District, and Kharajgil Rural District. [sep] Knowledge2: Asalem Rural District: Asalem Rural District (Persian: دهستان اسالم)[3] is in Asalem District of Talesh County, Gilan province, Iran.[4] It is administered from the city of Asalem.[5] ; Asalem Rural District: At the National Census of 2006, its population was 20,226 in 4,765 households.[6] There were 16,117 inhabitants in 4,638 households at the following census of 2011.[7] At the most recent census of 2016, the population of the rural district was 16,442 in 5,146 households. The largest of its 29 villages was Bala Deh, with 2,360 people.[2]
Knowledge1:  The Eurovision Song Contest is an annual international song competition that was first held in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Seven countries participated – each submitting two songs, for a total of 14. This was the only contest in which more than one song per country was performed: since 1957 all contests have allowed one entry per country. The was won by the host nation, Switzerland. In this competition, only countries that are members of the EBU can participate. The first winner was, and the most recent is. The first host city was Lugano, and the most recent is Rotterdam. [sep] Knowledge2: Eurovision Song Contest: The contest's opening performance and the main interval act, held following the final competing song and before the announcement of the voting results, has become a memorable part of the contest and has included both internationally known artists and local stars. Contest organisers have previously used these performances as a way to explore their country's culture and history, such as in "4,000 Years of Greek Song" at the 2006 contest held in Greece;[259] other performances have been more comedic in nature, featuring parody and humour, as was the case with "Love Love Peace Peace" in 2016, a humorous ode to the history and spectacle of the contest itself.[260] Riverdance, which later became one of the most successful dance productions in the world, first began as the interval performance at the 1994 contest in Ireland; the seven-minute performance of traditional Irish music and dance was later expanded into a full stage show that has been seen by over 25 million people worldwide and provided a launchpad for its lead dancers Michael Flatley and Jean Butler.[261][262]
Knowledge1: Genoa  Genoa ( ; ; ) is the capital of the Italian region of Liguria and the sixth-largest city in Italy. In 2015, 594,733 people lived within the city's administrative limits. As of the 2011 Italian census, the Province of Genoa, which in 2015 became the Metropolitan City of Genoa, had 855,834 resident persons. Over 1.5 million people live in the wider metropolitan area stretching along the Italian Riviera.  On the Gulf of Genoa in the Ligurian Sea, Genoa has historically been one of the most important ports on the Mediterranean: it is currently the busiest in Italy and in the Mediterranean Sea and twelfth-busiest in the European Union.  Genoa was the capital of one of the most powerful maritime republics for over seven centuries, from the 11th century to 1797. Particularly from the 12th century to the 15th century, the city played a leading role in the commercial trade in Europe, becoming one of the largest naval powers of the continent and considered among the wealthiest cities in the world. It was also nicknamed "la Superba" ("the proud one") by Petrarch due to its glories on the seas and impressive landmarks. The city has hosted massive shipyards and steelworks since the 19th century, and its solid financial sector dates back to the Middle Ages. The Bank of Saint George, founded in 1407, is the oldest known state deposit bank in the world and has played an important role in the city's prosperity since the middle of the 15th century.  The historical centre, also known as old town, of Genoa is one of the largest and most-densely populated in Europe. Part of it was also inscribed on the World Heritage List (UNESCO) in 2006 as . Genoa's historical city centre is also known for its narrow lanes and streets that the locals call "caruggi". Genoa is also home to the University of Genoa, which has a history going back to the 15th century, when it was known as Genuense Athenaeum. The city's rich cultural history in art, music and cuisine allowed it to become the 2004 European Capital of Culture. It is the birthplace of Guglielmo Embriaco, Christopher Columbus, Andrea Doria, Niccolò Paganini, Giuseppe Mazzini, Renzo Piano and Grimaldo Canella, founder of the House of Grimaldi, among others.  Genoa, which forms the southern corner of the Milan-Turin-Genoa industrial triangle of Northwest Italy, is one of the country's major economic centers. A number of leading Italian companies are based in the city, including Fincantieri, Selex ES, Ansaldo Energia, Ansaldo STS, Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone, Piaggio Aerospace, Mediterranean Shipping Company and Costa Cruises. [sep] Knowledge2: Genoa: Catanzaro, CalabriaNaples, CampaniaBologna, Emilia-RomagnaTrieste, Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Knowledge1: Normania Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 56.  Normania Township was originally called Ree Township, and under the latter name was organized in 1872. The present name, adopted in 1874, is supposedly after a place in Norway.  According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 36.3 square miles (93.9 km2), of which 35.5 square miles (92.0 km2) is land and 0.8 square mile (1.9 km2)  (2.07%) is water.  Normania Township is a township (T114N R41W) in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 188 at the 2000 census.  As of the census of 2000, there were 188 people, 74 households, and 54 families residing in the township. The population density was 5.3 people per square mile (2.0/km2). There were 82 housing units at an average density of 2.3/sq mi (0.9/km2). The racial makeup of the township was 100.00% White. There were 74 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.98. In the township the population was  Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota  Normania Township is a township (T114N R41W) in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 188 at the 2000 census. Normania Township, Benson County, North Dakota  Normania Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 56. [sep] Knowledge2: Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota: Normania Township is a township (T114N R41W) in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 188 at the 2000 census. ; Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota: Normania Township was originally called Ree Township, and under the latter name was organized in 1872. The present name, adopted in 1874, is supposedly after a place in Norway.[3] ; Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota: According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 36.3 square miles (93.9 km2), of which 35.5 square miles (92.0 km2)  is land and 0.8 square mile (1.9 km2)  (2.07%) is water. ; Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota: As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 188 people, 74 households, and 54 families residing in the township.  The population density was 5.3 inhabitants per square mile (2.0/km2).  There were 82 housing units at an average density of 2.3 per square mile (0.89/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 100.00% White. ; Normania Township, Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota: There were 74 households, out of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 66.2% were married couples living together, 4.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.7% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.98.
Knowledge1: Chicche District  Chicche District is one of twenty-eight districts of the province Huancayo in Peru. [sep] Knowledge2: Just how many people are reading Wikipedia in your country, and what language are they using?: Strange data. In Pakistan it is showing that Russian is almost three times more used, compared to National language Urdu.
Knowledge1: Canton of Marseille-La Pomme  Canton of Marseille-La Pomme is a former canton located within the commune of Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France. It was created 27 February 2003 by the decree 2003-156 of that date. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its population was 38,374 in 2012.  Elected to represent the canton in the General Council of Bouches-du-Rhône" : [sep] Knowledge2: Canton of Marseille-La Pomme: Canton of Marseille-La Pomme is a former canton located within the commune of Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France. It was created 27 February 2003 by the decree 2003-156 of that date. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its population was 38,374 in 2012.[1] ; Canton of Marseille-La Pomme: Elected to represent the canton in the General Council of Bouches-du-Rhône :  ; Canton of Marseille-La Pomme: It is composed of the part of the 10th arrondissement of Marseille not within the Canton of Marseille-La Capelette and the area of the 11th arrondissement situated west of avenue William-Booth (from the border of the 12th arrondissement), avenue Bernard-Lecache, boulevard de la Pomme, avenue Emmanuel-Allard, avenue du Docteur-Heckel, boulevard de la Valbarelle, avenue de Montélimar, avenue de Tarascon, avenue du Pontet, chemin de la Valbarelle à Saint-Marcel, traverse des Pionniers, canal de Marseille, boulevard des Olivettes, boulevard du Parasol, boulevard du Plateau and traverse de la Haute-Granière and the roads that continue from until they arrive at the 10th arrondissement. ; Canton of Marseille-La Pomme:  43°17′47″N 5°22′12″E﻿ / ﻿43.29639°N 5.37000°E﻿ / 43.29639; 5.37000 ; Canton de Marseille-La Pomme: Le canton de Marseille La Pomme est une ancienne division administrative française située dans le département des Bouches-du-Rhône, dans l'arrondissement de Marseille. Ancien canton de Marseille XIX, créé en 1973.
Knowledge1: Devanur is a village in the Andimadam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.  As of the 2011 Census of India there were 586 households in Devanur and a total population of 3,111 consisting of 1,631 males and 1,480 females. There were 392 children ages 0-6.  As per the 2001 census, Devanur had a total population of 1915 with 964 males and 951 females. The historical name of the village is devanagarapattinam. Devanur  Devanur is a village in the Andimadam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. [sep] Knowledge2: Devanur: Devanur is a village in the Andimadam taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India. ; Devanur: As per the 2001 census, Devanur had a total population of 1915 with 964 males and 951 females.[1] ; Devanur:  The historical name of the village is devanagarapattinam. ; Devanur Mahadeva: Known among literary circles to be a rebel, Mahadeva rejected the Nrupatunga Award (carrying a purse of Rs 5,01,000) in 2010.[2] Devanura's rejection of the award was based on his dissatisfaction that despite being the official language of the state, Kannada is yet to be made the primary language of instruction in schools and colleges. He wants Kannada to be made the medium of learning at least up to the college level. Mahadeva is a Central Sahitya Academy awardee for his novel Kusuma Baale. In the 1990s he rejected the government's offer to nominate him to Rajya Sabha (the upper house of the Parliament of India) under the writer's quota.[3] In 2022, he published a book on the RSS that gained popularity and critical acclaim both for its content and its innovative open publishing model.[4][5] ; Devanur Mahadeva: Mahadeva was born in 1948 in Devanuru village in Nanjanagudu Taluk, Mysore district of the Karnataka state, India, He worked at CIIL in Mysore.
Knowledge1: Tegher Monastery (Տեղեր or Տեղերի Վանք; also Tegheri Vank) is an early 13th-century Armenian monastery and church located on the southeastern slopes of Mount Aragats near the modern village of Tegher, and across the gorge from the village of Byurakan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It was built for Princess Khatun (also known as Mamakhatun), the wife of Prince Vache I Vachutian who had purchased the district of Aragatzotn from the Zakarian brothers. The architect Vardapet Aghbayrik designed Tegher and the monasteries of Saghmosavank and Hovhannavank during the 13th century. The monastery survived intact during a time when Mongol invasions plagued the lands. Ruins of the 9th century village of Tegher (Old Tegher) sit a short distance walk from the monastery. Numerous foundations may be seen, along with the remains of a Tukh Manuk funerary chapel of the 5th century. Nearby is also the medieval to 19th century cemetery with some mausoleums and khachkars. Tegher, Armenia  Tegher (, also Romanized as Tekher, Dgyr or Dgher; meaning "medicine") is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia on the southern slope of Mount Aragats. It earns its name from the large assortment of healing herbs that are found in the surrounding vicinity.  The town contains the Monastery of Tegher built in 1213. The ruins of the 9th century village of Tegher (Old Tegher) sit a short distance walk from the monastery. Numerous foundations may be seen, along with the remains of a Tukh Manuk funerary chapel of the 5th century. Nearby is also a medieval to 19th century cemetery with some mausoleums and khachkars.  Nearby is also a large radio telescope as well as an unfinished solar power plant, both from the Soviet era. [sep] Knowledge2: Tegher, Armenia: Tegher (Armenian: Տեղեր) is a village in the Ashtarak Municipality of the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia on the southern slope of Mount Aragats. ; Tegher: Tegher may refer to:
Knowledge1: Kodki is a village, located 11 km west of Bhuj, in Kachchh District in the state of Gujarat, India. It is one of 24 gramas (villages) occupied by the Shree Kutch Leva Patel Community (SKPLC). Kodki was originally a settlement of Rebari and Maaldharis. (Nomadic tribes, whose main activity is cattle herding). The earliest arrival of Kanbis dates back to 1870s (from dabasiya and Hiranis). Halais and Hiranis were the earliest Kanbis to settle in Kodki and take up agriculture. The original name was Bhavanipur, named after the Maaldhari's family goddess Bhavani Maa. In 2007, the village had a population of approximately 4000 people, and a total of 600 houses. Kodki  Kodki is a village, located 11 km west of Bhuj, in Kachchh District in the state of Gujarat, India. It is one of 24 gramas (villages) occupied by the Shree Kutch Leva Patel Community (SKPLC).  Kodki was originally a settlement of Rebari and Maaldharis. (Nomadic tribes, whose main activity is cattle herding). The earliest arrival of Kanbis dates back to 1870s (from dabasiya and Hiranis). Halais and Hiranis were the earliest Kanbis to settle in Kodki and take up agriculture. The original name was Bhavanipur, named after the Maaldhari's family goddess Bhavani Maa.  In 2007, the village had a population of approximately 4000 people, and a total of 600 houses. [sep] Knowledge2: Kodki: Kodki is a village, located 11 km west of Bhuj, in Kachchh District in the state of Gujarat, India.[1] It is one of 24 gramas (villages) occupied by the Shree Kutch Leva Patel Community (SKPLC). ; Kodki: Kodki was originally a settlement of Rebari and Maaldharis, (Nomadic tribes, whose main activity is cattle herding). The earliest arrival of Kanbis dates back to 1870s (from dabasiya and Hiranis). Halais and Hiranis were the earliest Kanbis to settle in Kodki and take up agriculture. The original name was Bhavanipur, named after the Maaldhari's family goddess Bhavani Maa. ; Kodki: In 2007, the village had a population of approximately 4000 people, and a total of 600 houses. ; Kodki: This article about a location in Kutch district, Gujarat, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Javar Tan (, also Romanized as Jāvar Tan, Javer Tan, and Jūratān; also known as Jāyartan) is a village in Dasturan Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 50 families. Javar Tan  Javar Tan (, also Romanized as Jāvar Tan, Javer Tan, and Jūratān; also known as Jāyartan) is a village in Dasturan Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 50 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Javar Tan: Javar Tan (Persian: جاورتن, also Romanized as Jāvar Tan, Javer Tan, and Jūratān; also known as Jāyartan)[1] is a village in Dasturan Rural District, in the Central District of Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 50 families.[2] ; Javar Tan: This Joghatai County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  as the Connecticut River, which bisects the region from north to south. Each state is generally subdivided into small municipalities known as towns, many of which are governed by town meetings. While unincorporated areas do exist, they are limited to roughly half of Maine, along with some isolated, sparsely populated northern regions of New Hampshire and Vermont. New England is one of the U.S. Census Bureau's nine regional divisions and the only multi-state region with clear, consistent boundaries. It maintains a strong sense of cultural identity, although the terms of this identity are often contrasted, combining Puritanism with liberalism, agrarian life with industry, and isolation with immigration. [sep] Knowledge2: New England: The areas of the states (including water area) are: ; New England (disambiguation): New England may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Kowale, Lower Silesian Voivodeship  Kowale () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. [sep] Knowledge2: Kowale, Lower Silesian Voivodeship: Kowale [kɔˈvalɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] ; Kowalskie, Lower Silesian Voivodeship: This Strzelin County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Obeakpu is a small village in Umuaka, Njaba, Imo State, Nigeria. Obeakpu is located at 5.69933°N, -7.031°W. The village of Amakor (now an autonomous community) is located to the east. Umele village is nearby in the west. The southern part of Obeakpu borders Ibele (now also an autonomous community). The Njaba River borders the village to the north. [sep] Knowledge2: Obeakpu: Obeakpu is a small village in Umuaka, Njaba, Imo State, Nigeria.  Obeakpu is located at 5°41′58″N 7°01′52″W﻿ / ﻿5.69933°N 7.03100°W﻿ / 5.69933; -7.03100.[1][2] The village of Amakor (now an autonomous community) is located to the east. Umele village is nearby in the west. The southern part of Obeakpu borders Ibele (now also an autonomous community). The Njaba River borders the village to the north. ; Obeakpu: Obeakpu is a small village in Umuaka, Njaba, Imo State, Nigeria.  Obeakpu is located at 5.69933°N 7.03100°W﻿ / 5.69933; -7.03100.[1][2] The village of Amakor (now an autonomous community) is located to the east. Umele village is nearby in the west. The southern part of Obeakpu borders Ibele (now also an autonomous community). The Njaba River borders the village to the north.
Knowledge1: La Couarde-sur-Mer is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is situated on the Île de Ré. La Couarde-sur-Mer  La Couarde-sur-Mer (, literally "La Couarde on Sea") is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is situated on the Île de Ré. [sep] Knowledge2: La Couarde-sur-Mer: La Couarde-sur-Mer (French pronunciation: [la kwaʁd syʁ mɛʁ], literally La Couarde on Sea) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department, New Aquitaine, southwestern France. It is situated on the Île de Ré. ; La Couarde-sur-Mer: Pour les articles homonymes, voir La Couarde. ; La Couarde-sur-Mer: La Couarde-sur-Mer est une commune du Sud-Ouest de la France, située sur l'île de Ré dans le département de la Charente-Maritime (région Nouvelle-Aquitaine). ; La Couarde-sur-Mer: La Couarde est située au milieu de l'île de Ré, ouverte sur la côte sud pour le village et sur la côte nord pour son port. ; La Couarde-sur-Mer: La commune possède sur cinq kilomètres de plages avec des dunes et le petit port Le Goisil débouchant par un chenal sur la côte nord de l'île. Les maisons construites récemment autour du centre-ville s'étalent aussi vers l'ouest. Le nord du village est longé par la route départementale.
Knowledge1: 1) Alkersleben ; 2) Bösleben-Wüllersleben ; 3) Dornheim ; 4) Elleben ; 5) Elxleben ; 6) Osthausen-Wülfershausen ; 7) Witzleben Riechheimer Berg is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ("collective municipality") in the district Ilm-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany. The seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft is in Kirchheim, itself not part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft. The Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Riechheimer Berg consists of the following municipalities:  Riechheimer Berg  Riechheimer Berg is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" ("collective municipality") in the district Ilm-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany. The seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" is in Osthausen-Wülfershausen.  The "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" Riechheimer Berg consists of the following municipalities: [sep] Knowledge2: Riechheimer Berg: Riechheimer Berg is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ("collective municipality") in the district Ilm-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany. The seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft is in Osthausen-Wülfershausen. ; Riechheimer Berg: The Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Riechheimer Berg consists of the following municipalities: ; Riechheimer Berg: 50°51′N 11°05′E﻿ / ﻿50.85°N 11.08°E﻿ / 50.85; 11.08
Knowledge1:  The river rises at Vrutok, a few kilometers southwest of Gostivar in North Macedonia. It passes through Gostivar, Skopje and into Veles, crosses the Greek border near Gevgelija, Polykastro and Axioupoli ("town on the Axiós"), before emptying into the Aegean Sea in Central Macedonia, west of Thessaloniki in northern Greece. The Vardar basin comprises two-thirds of the territory of North Macedonia. The valley features fertile lands in the Polog region, around Gevgelija and in the Thessaloniki regional unit. The river is surrounded by mountains elsewhere. The superhighways Greek National Road 1 in Greece and M1 and E75 run within the valley along the river's entire length to near Skopje. The river was very famous during the Ottoman Empire and remains so in modern-day Turkey as the inspiration for many folk songs, of which the most famous is Vardar Ovasi. It has also been depicted on the coat of arms of Skopje, which in turn is incorporated in the city's flag. [sep] Knowledge2: Alexeni: Until 2001 a Romanian Air Force military helicopters unit was located at the nearby airfield. In 2007, as the airfield was not used by the Romanian Air Force anylonger, the former Minister of Transport Radu Berceanu suggested to use the location for Bucharest's new low-cost flights airport (as the operational tariffs for Bucharest's previous low-cost hub, Aurel Vlaicu Airport, were set to grow).[3] However, some analysts considered the project unrealistic and doomed to fail due to the poor conditions of the infrastructure in the area.[4] Eventually those plans were abandoned and all low-cost flights were moved in March 2012 at Bucharest main airport Henri Coandă International Airport.
Knowledge1: Villers-sous-Foucarmont  Villers-sous-Foucarmont is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Villers-sous-Foucarmont: Can you list the top facts and stats about Villers-sous-Foucarmont?; Villers-sous-Foucarmont: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Villers-sous-Foucarmont: Villers-sous-Foucarmont is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.; Villers-sous-Foucarmont: Oops something went wrong: ;  Villers-sous-Foucarmont : Villers-sous-Foucarmont is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Knowledge1:  North Lake is a freshwater lake in the suburb of North Lake, located 18 km south of the central business district of Perth, the capital of Western Australia, and 8 km from the Indian Ocean. The suburb and lake are located within the City of Cockburn local government area. It is part of the northernmost lake within a chain of lakes which make up the Beeliar Regional Park (North Lake, Bibra Lake, South Lake, Booragoon Lake, Yangebup Lake, and Thomsons Lake). The lake has been known by this name since 1877, and the name was approved for the suburb in 1954. [sep] Knowledge2: North Lake: North Lake or North Lakes may refer to:
Knowledge1:  The regiment was organized at Little Rock, Arkansas, April 23 to November 8, 1864, as the 5th Regiment Arkansas Volunteer Infantry (African Descent) and assigned to the VII Corps (Union Army). The unit was later re-designated as the 112th United States Colored Infantry.  The regiment was consolidated with the 11th Regiment United States Colored Infantry (Old) and the 112th U.S. Colored Infantry on April 1, 1865. The 113th United States Colored Infantry were mustered out a year later, on April 9, 1866. [sep] Knowledge2: 112th Infantry Regiment (United States): Civil War silver bands: Po Valley-Manassas-Antietam-Chancellorsville-Gettysburg-Atlanta-Fredericksburg-Vicksburg-Wilderness-Spotsylvania-Cold Harbor-Petersburg-Appomattox-Virginia 1861-South Carolina 1862-Mississippi 1863-Tennessee 1863
Knowledge1: Storsteinnes Chapel  Storsteinnes Chapel () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Balsfjord Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Storsteinnes. It is one of the churches for the Balsfjord parish which is part of the Senja prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1968. The church seats about 200 people. [sep] Knowledge2: Storsteinnes Chapel: Storsteinnes Chapel (Norwegian: Storsteinnes kapell) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Balsfjord Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located on the south side of the village of Storsteinnes. It is one of the churches for the Balsfjord parish which is part of the Senja prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1968. The church seats about 200 people.[1][2] ; Storsteinnes Chapel: The Storsteinnes Chapel is a parish church belonging to the Church of Norway and is located in Balsfjord Municipality in a county called Troms og Finnmark. The church is situated on the south side of the village of Storsteinnes. ; Storsteinnes Chapel: The church was built in 1968 and is designed in a long church style. It is made of wood and is painted white. The church has a seating capacity of about 200 people, making it a relatively large church for the area.[1][2]
Knowledge1: Ch'uch'u Apachita  Ch'uch'u Apachita (Aymara "ch'uch'u" cold, cold liquid, "apachita" the place of transit of an important pass in the principal routes of the Andes; name in the Andes for a stone cairn, a little pile of rocks built along the trail in the high mountains, also spelled "Chuchu Apacheta,) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It is situated in the La Paz Department, Larecaja Province, Sorata Municipality. Ch'uch'u Apachita lies north of the main range of the Cordillera Real, south to southwest of the mountain Ch'uch'u, northwest of Chunta Qullu and east of Jukumarini. This is where the river Ch'uch'u Jawira originates. [sep] Knowledge2: Ch'uch'u Apachita: This La Paz Department geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Barta'a (برطعة, בַּרְטַּעָה) is a town in Israel and the Palestinian territories that straddles both sides of the Green Line in the Wadi Ara (or Nahal 'Iron) region. Western Barta'a is in the Haifa District of Israel, and forms part of the Basma local council. Its 4,700 residents are Arab citizens of Israel. Eastern Barta'a is in the Palestinian territories in the northern part of the Jenin Governorate of the West Bank in what was designated under the Oslo Accords as Area C. It has 3,600 residents, of whom 30-40 percent carry Israeli identity cards and the rest of whom carry Palestinian identity cards. [sep] Knowledge2: Barta'a: In the 1945 estimates, the village plus Khirbat Tura el Gharbiya had a population of 1,000 Muslims[13] with 20,499 dunams of land, according to an official land and population survey.[14] 464 dunams were used for plantations and irrigable land, 1,957 dunams for cereals,[15] while 1,900 dunams were non-cultivable land.[16]
Knowledge1:  firm, the product was launched as "Urge". Local food regulation prevented the bright green color from being used, so it was launched with a pale, more natural juice drink look and given a slight orange taste to match the flavor with the color. Until September 15, 2014, when Coca-Cola re-released Surge, Norway was the only country where one could still buy a similar soft drink in any form, as the original Surge recipe was still popular there. Surge was widely associated with the extreme sports lifestyle, with television commercials similar to those used by Mountain Dew at the time. Coca-Cola also used [sep] Knowledge2: Urge, Pärnu County:  58°25′36″N 24°39′06″E﻿ / ﻿58.42667°N 24.65167°E﻿ / 58.42667; 24.65167
Knowledge1: Siamion Mikalayevich Domash (Сямён Мікалаевіч Домаш, Семён Никола́евич До́маш; 2 January 1950 – 9 February 2019) was a Belarusian politician. Chairman of Grodno Region in 19-1994. He was registered to run in the 2001 Belarusian presidential election, but exited from the campaign, endorsing Vladimir Goncharik. [sep] Knowledge2: Domašov nad Bystřicí: The Battle of Domstadtl of the Seven Years' War took place near the village in 1758. After the compromise of 1867, along with the Bohemian Crown, it was located in the Austrian part of Austro-Hungary, as Domstadtl, in the Sternberg (Šternberk) district, one of the 34 Bezirkshauptmannschaften in Moravia.[3] Following World War I, since 1918, it was part of Czechoslovakia.
Knowledge1: Vaiea is one of the fourteen villages of Niue. Its population was 115 as of 2017. Vaiea  Vaiea is one of the fourteen villages of Niue. Its population was 115 as of 2017. [sep] Knowledge2: Vaiea: Vaiea is one of the fourteen villages of Niue.[2]  Its population was 115 as of 2017.[3] ; Vaiea: Vaiea is one of the fourteen villages of Niue.[2]  Its population was 115 as of 2017.[3]
Knowledge1:  of the house. In 1974, the Monitor House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its unusual architecture. Only two or three monitor houses, featuring an elevated center, are known to exist in Ohio, and the one in St. Paris is architecturally the most well-preserved; consequently, it is considered historically significant statewide. In contrast, a similar monitor house in Chillicothe, known as "Tanglewood," is only considered locally significant. The house in St. Paris was the first of over thirty places in Champaign County to be listed on the National Register; it is one of two in the village with this distinction, along with the Kiser Mansion on East Main Street. [sep] Knowledge2: Mass surveillance: As per the initial plan, access to the combined data will be given to 11 agencies, including the Research and Analysis Wing, the Intelligence Bureau, the Enforcement Directorate, the National Investigation Agency, the Central Bureau of Investigation, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and the Narcotics Control Bureau.
Knowledge1:  Sagoni Jora is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Berasia tehsil. [sep] Knowledge2: Sagoni: 23°48′07″N 79°47′46″E﻿ / ﻿23.802°N 79.796°E﻿ / 23.802; 79.796
Knowledge1: The Eeuwfeestkliniek (Centenary Clinic) is a surgical hospital in Antwerp, Belgium. Built in 1930, it was constructed on the centenary of Belgium for the city of Antwerp. After World War II, it came under the control of the Augustinian nuns and in the 1980s became part of the Monica healthcare umbrella. It was extensively renovated in the 1990s. The hospital specialises in oncology, Emergency medical services, Cardiothoracic Surgery and Oral and maxillofacial surgery. [sep] Knowledge2: Eeuwfeestkliniek: The Eeuwfeestkliniek (English: Centenary Clinic) is a surgical hospital in Antwerp, Belgium. ; Eeuwfeestkliniek:  Media related to Eeuwfeestkliniek at Wikimedia Commons ; Eeuwfeestkliniek: 51°12′6.85″N 4°24′36.9″E﻿ / ﻿51.2019028°N 4.410250°E﻿ / 51.2019028; 4.410250 ; Eeuwfeestkliniek: This article about a Belgian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Eeuwfeestkliniek: This article about a hospital in Europe is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship  Łupiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.  The village has a population of 293. [sep] Knowledge2: Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Xaaga (pronounced Saaga) is a small town South-West from the town of San Pablo Villa de Mitla in the Valles Centrales of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico. It is about 10 km (as the crow flies) far away from Hierve el Agua. [sep] Knowledge2: Xaaga: Xaaga (pronounced Saaga) is a small town South-West from the town of San Pablo Villa de Mitla in the Valles Centrales of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico. It is about 10 km (as the crow flies) far away from Hierve el Agua. ; Xaaga: 16°55′N 96°22′W﻿ / ﻿16.917°N 96.367°W﻿ / 16.917; -96.367
Knowledge1: Babino is a rural settlement in the Chambellan commune of the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse department of Haiti.  Canada has recently financed the renovation of the police station. The town's primary economic activity is trade with neighboring Dajabon. • Seeking to combat contraband and encourage domestic production, in 2015 Haiti banned the importation by truck of 23 items, including bottled drinking water and spaghetti. Babino, Grand'Anse  Babino is a rural settlement in the Chambellan commune of the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse department of Haiti. [sep] Knowledge2: Babino, Grand'Anse: Babino is a rural settlement in the Chambellan commune of the Jérémie Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse department of Haiti. ; Babino, Grand'Anse: This article about a location in Haiti is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Hatnagoda  Hatnagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province. [sep] Knowledge2: Hatnagoda: Hatnagoda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
Knowledge1:  As of the 2011 Census of India, Deodara had a population of 10,008. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Deodara has an average literacy rate of 91%, higher than the national average of 74%: male literacy is 95% and, female literacy is 84%. In Deodara, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age. Deodara  Deodara is a census town in Mandla district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is an extended part of Mandla city. It connects the city centre to the local tourist spot of Shehestra Dhara, a holy site situated on the bank of Narmada river. Poor roads and no government water pipeline availability are some of the concerning issues of the locals residing here. There are many beautiful Ghats on the bank of River Narmada situated here like Gau Ghat and Chakrateerath Gath.It is considered as an urban panchayat which is part of Mandla city. [sep] Knowledge2: Deodara: Deodara is a census town in Mandla district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is an extended part of Mandla city. It connects the city centre to the local tourist spot of Shehestra Dhara, a holy site situated on the bank of Narmada river. Poor roads and no government water pipeline availability are some of the concerning issues of the locals residing here. There are many beautiful Ghats on the bank of River Narmada situated here like Gau Ghat and Chakrateerath Gath.It is considered as an urban panchayat which is part of Mandla city.
Knowledge1: Puzdrowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brok, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 km north-west of Brok, 10 km south-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka, and 80 km north-east of Warsaw. Puzdrowizna  Puzdrowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brok, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brok, south-west of Ostrów Mazowiecka, and north-east of Warsaw. [sep] Knowledge2: Puzdrowizna (wieś): 52°43′35″N 21°48′42″E ; Puzdrowizna (wieś): 52°44'N, 21°49'E ; Puzdrowizna (wieś):  mazowieckie ; Puzdrowizna (wieś): 0507147[4] ; Puzdrowizna (wieś): Puzdrowizna – wieś w Polsce położona w województwie mazowieckim, w powiecie ostrowskim, w gminie Brok[4][5].
Knowledge1: Harisan (, also Romanized as Harīsān; also known as Harsān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 686, in 168 families. [sep] Knowledge2: Harisan: Harisan (Persian: هريسان, also Romanized as Harīsān; also known as Harsān)[1] is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 686, in 168 families.[2]
Knowledge1:  The village of Nesměň is an administrative part of Ločenice. [sep] Knowledge2: Ločenice: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Aki (pronounced Ah-kee) is a surname, a given name and a nickname. Aki is a common Japanese, Finnish and Nigerian given name. Aki is also a Japanese surname, and also of one of the Vysya families in India. They mainly reside in Andhra Pradesh, India.  Aki (安芸郡) is a district located in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It is the location of Mazda's automobile factory which has been on the site since the early 1930s. As of 1798 population data but counting decreases due to the March 20, 2005 merger, the district has an estimated population of 116,573 and a density of 1588 persons per km2. The total area is 73.41 km2. [sep] Knowledge2: Cross-country skiing: Paralympic cross-country ski competition is an adaptation of cross-country skiing for athletes with disabilities. Paralympic cross-country skiing includes standing events, sitting events (for wheelchair users), and events for visually impaired athletes under the rules of the International Paralympic Committee. These are divided into several categories for people who are missing limbs, have amputations, are blind, or have any other physical disability, to continue their sport.[44]
Knowledge1:  “Tairua River.” Nzfishing.com, nzfishing.com/auckland-waikato/where-to-fish/tairua-river/. Accessed 18 Oct. 2021. Taia (river)  The Taia is a right tributary of the river Jiul de Est in Romania. It discharges into the Jiul de Est in the town Petrila. Its length is and its basin size is . [sep] Knowledge2: Taia (river): The Taia is a right tributary of the river Jiul de Est in Romania.[1][2] It discharges into the Jiul de Est in the town Petrila.[3] Its length is 21 km (13 mi) and its basin size is 88 km2 (34 sq mi).[2]
Knowledge1: List of urban areas in Sweden  There are 1,956 urban areas in Sweden as defined by Statistics Sweden on 31 December 2010. The official term used by Statistics Sweden is "locality" () instead of "urban area" and they are defined as having a minimum of 200 inhabitants. The total population of the localities was 8,016,000 in 2010, which made up 85% of the population of the whole country.  The urban areas made up 1.3% of the land area of the whole country. The average population density of the urban areas was 1,491 inhabitants per square kilometre (km).<ref name=scb /> [sep] Knowledge2: Södermanland County: The climate much like other parts of southern Sweden is a mix between oceanic and moderated continental. Summers highs are most often around 23 °C (73 °F), with lows around 12 °C (54 °F) inland and either near or above 14 °C (57 °F) on the coast due to the warm July sea surface temperatures. Winter highs differ between 0 °C (32 °F) and 1 °C (34 °F) between inland and coastal parts with lows around −4 °C (25 °F) on the coast to −6 °C (21 °F) inland and in the lakeside north. It can heavily fluctuate between different years with influences from different weather systems. Most often winters are still pronounced enough for the climate to be a clear four-season climate although the open sea most often remains ice-free year round.
Knowledge1: Morales de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants. Morales de Campos  Morales de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants. [sep] Knowledge2: Morales de Campos: Morales de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants. ; Morales de Campos:  41°52′N 5°10′W﻿ / ﻿41.867°N 5.167°W﻿ / 41.867; -5.167 ; Morales de Campos: Morales de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants.; Morales de Campos: Morales de Campos es un municipio y localidad española de la provincia de Valladolid, en la comunidad autónoma de Castilla y León. Se encuentra en la comarca de Tierra de Campos. Tiene una superficie de 15,92 km² con una población de 155 habitantes y una densidad de 10,05 hab/km².
Knowledge1:  The Dobra Bridge is located between Karlovac and Novigrad interchanges of the A1 motorway in Croatia, spanning Dobra River. It is 546 m long, and it comprises four traffic lanes and two emergency lanes. Construction work on the Dobra Bridge started in 1999 and was completed in 2001. Cost of the construction work was 57 million Croatian kuna (7.7 million euro). During the construction there was one major incident: on 1 July 2000, three girders plummeted from the main span piers into the river below. The incident did not cause any injury and damage was reported to be marginal. [sep] Knowledge2: Dobra (Kupa): Upper Dobra or Ogulin Dobra (Ogulinska Dobra in Croatian) is a typical torrential water with sudden and big changes in volume flow, while the average slope decline is 1.4%. A smaller river Kamačnik flows into Dobra near Vrbovsko. Until 1957 Dobra was disappearing in Đula's pit, a huge pit in the center of Ogulin. The Upper Dobra river was diverted into the system of the Hydroelectric power plant Gojak some 1.5 km upstream of Đula's pit, and by doing that an artificial lake Bukovnik was created. From the dam down to Đula's pit the river bed is filled with water that is there only once in a while, whenever there's heavy rainfall which causes the river to overflow the dam.[4]
Knowledge1: Karaisalı  Karaisalı is a small town and a district in Adana Province of Turkey, administratively a part of the Metropolitan Municipality of Adana.  The area contains the reservoirs of Çatalan and Nergizlik. There is a wrestling tournament in late-April to early-May at Salbaş and a countryside festival in the last week of August at Kızıldağ. [sep] Knowledge2: Karaisalı: Between 1481 and 1496 the town was controlled by the Mamluk Sultanate and once it was defeated by the Ottoman sultan Selim I, he left the control of the town to the Ramazanoğulları dynasty as a vassal state. The current name Karaisalı was later given in memory of a Ramazanoğulları lord. Right before his death in 1520 however, Selim I decided to formally annex the town and the surrounding region into the Ottoman Empire.
Knowledge1: Ackerman—Dewsnap House is a historic house at 176 East Saddle River Road in Saddle River, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1986. Ackerman-Dewsnap House  Ackerman—Dewsnap House is a historic house at 176 East Saddle River Road in Saddle River, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1986. [sep] Knowledge2: Ackerman-Dewsnap House: Ackerman—Dewsnap House is a historic house at 176 East Saddle River Road in Saddle River, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built in 1837 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 29, 1986. ; Ackerman-Dewsnap House: This article about a property in New Jersey on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Category:Ackerman-Dewsnap House: The following 13 files are in this category, out of 13 total.
Knowledge1: Wilcza Jama, Białystok County  Wilcza Jama is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Czarna Białostocka and north of the regional capital Białystok. [sep] Knowledge2: Sokółka: In the course of the Soviet invasion of Poland at the start of World War II, Sokółka was captured by the Red Army on 21 September 1939, and then occupied by the Soviet Union under which it was annexed into the Byelorussian SSR on 14 November 1939. It was administered as a part of the Belastok Region of the Byelorussian SSR. Several Poles from Sokółka, including the town's mayor, were murdered by the NKVD in the large Katyn massacre in April–May 1940.[4] Sokółka was under German occupation from June 1941 until 24 July 1944.[5] It was administered as a part of the Bialystok District of Nazi Germany. The Germans established the Sokółka Ghetto for the imprisonment of Polish Jews.[6] The ghetto served as staging point for deportations to death camps during the Holocaust similar to most Jewish ghettos across the occupied country. The Jews of all surrounding villages and towns including Krynki, Janów, Czyżew, and Zaręby Kościelne were kept there. In total, 8,000–9,000 people were murdered. The main synagogue was destroyed.[7][8] The Jewish community was not restored.[9]
Knowledge1: Givron is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. Givron  Givron () is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Givron: Givron (French pronunciation: [ʒivʁɔ̃]) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. ; Givron: Givron (French pronunciation: [ʒivʁɔ̃]) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Knowledge1: Humane Heritage Museum is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The museum displays many historical pieces from different ancient periods. Such pieces include, cutlery, outfits and weapons. Moreover, a great amount of manuscripts and books can be found. Humane Heritage Museum  Humane Heritage Museum is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The museum displays many historical pieces from different ancient periods. Such pieces include, cutlery, outfits and weapons. Moreover, a great amount of manuscripts and books can be found. [sep] Knowledge2: Humane Heritage Museum: Humane Heritage Museum is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.[1] The museum displays many historical pieces from different ancient periods. Such pieces include, cutlery, outfits and weapons. Moreover, a great amount of manuscripts and books can be found.[2] ; Humane Heritage Museum: This article related to a museum in Asia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Arlington is a census-designated place (CDP) in the towns of Arlington and Sunderland, Bennington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,213 at the 2010 census. In 1989, the Arlington Village Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The district covers an area of 180 acre and includes 190 contributing buildings and sites in the village center. In addition to historical and architectural significance, the district is also noted for being the place where composer Carl Ruggles spent the later years of his life. The buildings in the district provide examples of Colonial Revival, Greek Revival, and Federal styles. The St. James Episcopal Church (1829–30), the second oldest Gothic Revival church in Vermont, is located in Arlington village. In the early 20th century, the village was an important industrial center with several mills and factories, many of which were washed away by flooding in 1927. The village also has unusual sections of marble sidewalks, laid using stone from nearby quarries. [sep] Knowledge2: Arlington, Texas: In 2010, there were 133,072 households, out of which 40% had children under the age of 18 living in them, 48% were married couples living together, 15% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32% were non-families. 25% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.7 and the average family size was 3.3.[42] In the city, the 2010 population was spread out, with 31% under the age of 20, 8% from 20 to 24, 30% from 25 to 44, 23% from 45 to 64, and 8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 32 years. For every 100 females, there were 104 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94 males 18 and over.[43]
Knowledge1:  Adams was born in Manila in the Philippines. His family moved to the United States when he was 12, and he grew up in Long Prairie, Minnesota. He studied liberal arts at the University of Minnesota. Adams became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1968 and was living in Los Angeles, California, in 1971 when he met Anthony Corbett "Tony" Sullivan, an Australian citizen who was visiting the U.S. on a tourist visa. They were one of six gay couples granted marriage licenses by County Clerk Clela Rorex in Boulder, Colorado on April 21, 1975. They exchanged vows in a religious ceremony as well. To publicize their lawsuit, they appeared on the Phil Donahue Show where, according to their [sep] Knowledge2: Adams County, Pennsylvania: According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 522 square miles (1,350 km2), of which 519 square miles (1,340 km2) is land and 3.1 square miles (8.0 km2) (0.6%) is water.[4] The Borough of Gettysburg is located at the center of Adams County. This county seat community is surrounded on three sides by the Gettysburg National Military Park (GNMP). The Eisenhower National Historic Site adjoins GNMP on its southwestern edge. Most of Adams County's rural landscapes and its mid-19th century roadway pattern remain intact today. Thirteen historic roadways converge at or near Gettysburg Borough. Two circular rings of towns surround Gettysburg; the first is typically found at a distance of approximately 7 miles (11 km) from Gettysburg. The second ring is found at a distance of 12 to 15 miles (24 km) from the county seat. This "spokes and wheel" pattern is one of the few examples of Central Place Theory in the Eastern United States.
Knowledge1: Pira, Benin  Pira is a town and arrondissement in the Collines department of Benin. It is an administrative division under the jurisdiction of the commune of Bantè. According to the population census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15, 2002, the arrondissement had a total population of 12,337. [sep] Knowledge2: Pira: Pira or PIRA may refer to:
Knowledge1: The Tōhoku History Museum (東北歴史博物館) is a museum in Tagajō, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. It houses finds from excavations at the site of Tagajō as well as from other archaeological sites in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan. These include a Jōmon period jade axe excavated in Kizukuri, Aomori Prefecture, and designated an Important Cultural Property; and another Jōmon jade, excavated in Niisato, Iwate Prefecture, also designated an Important Cultural Property. [sep] Knowledge2: Tohoku University Museum: The Tohoku University Museum (東北大学総合学術博物館, Tōhoku Daigaku Sōgō Gakujutsu Hakubutsukan) is a university museum affiliated with Tohoku University in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan. From the collection of over 2,000,000 items, including rocks, minerals, fossils, archaeological materials, and maps, approximately 1,000 are on display at any one time.[2][3][4]
Knowledge1: Rajion Lashad Neal (born March 28, 1992) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Tennessee. Neal was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2014, and has also been a member of the Miami Dolphins, Oakland Raiders, Pittsburgh Steelers, and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League. Neal has also been a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League, as well as the Memphis Express of the Alliance of American Football. [sep] Knowledge2: Neal McCoy: McCoy has been married to Melinda since 1980. The two met when McCoy was working at a shoe store in a local mall.[14] The couple have two children, a son and a daughter.[3]
Knowledge1: The Korean Magazine Museum is a museum in the district of Yeouido in Seoul, South Korea. It was established on March 21, 2002 to promote Korean magazines in the competitive global arena. The museum consists of three underground floors and seven upperground floors for a total floor space of 1703 pyeong (app. 5,623 m²). Admission is free with opening hours from Monday to Saturday (10:00-18:00). The museum is closed on Sundays and national holidays. Korean Magazine Museum  The Korean Magazine Museum is a museum in the district of Yeouido in Seoul, South Korea. It was established on March 21, 2002, to promote Korean magazines in the competitive global arena. The museum consists of three underground floors and seven upperground floors for a total floor space of 1703 "pyeong" (app. 5,623 m). Admission is free with opening hours from Monday to Saturday (10:00-18:00). The museum is closed on Sundays and national holidays. [sep] Knowledge2: Korean Magazine Museum: The Korean Magazine Museum is a museum in the district of Yeouido in Seoul, South Korea. It was established on March 21, 2002, to promote Korean magazines in the competitive global arena. The museum consists of three underground floors and seven upperground floors for a total floor space of 1703 pyeong (app. 5,623 m2). Admission is free with opening hours from Monday to Saturday (10:00-18:00). The museum is closed on Sundays and national holidays. ; Korean Magazine Museum: Situated near Yeouido Station of  Line 5 on the  Seoul Metro system, bus stop for intercity buses is Yeouido Full Gospel Church. ; Korean Magazine Museum: This article was written with material released to the public domain, provided by Seoul City's official Knowledge Sharing Project. ; Korean Magazine Museum: This article related to a museum in South Korea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Francheville Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France. It was located 3.0 mi north of Coulommiers, in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.  the Vesle Sector to perform reconnaissance prior to the St. Mihiel Offensive: the 1st and 12th squadrons left on 22 July, followed by HQ on 30 July, while 88th had transferred to III Corps Observation Group on 25 July, staying at Francheville until 4 August. French BR 237 stayed 30 July - 11 August, working for the French 6th Army then, as the battle front was fast moving away from the area, the airfield was abandoned and soon returned to agricultural use. Today it is a series of cultivated fields located to the northwest of Coulommiers, at the crossroad of D 44 and a small road near the farm called "Les Fermiers", as shown on the photograph, with no indication of this short aviation activity.  The airfield was one of the many built to cope with the German offensive towards the river Marne which started in late May 1918. The first units to fly from the airfield were French "escadrilles", flying missions for the resisting French troops. The newly operational American I Corps Observation Group arrived on 29 June with 1st Aero Squadron and 12th Aero Squadron, while 88th Aero Squadron stayed at Ourches, joining the Group later at Francheville. The stay was brief as the whole Group already moved and met together at Francheville Aerodrome, north of Coulommiers, on 6 July. The 1st Pursuit Group moved into Saints shortly afterwards (9 July) with its four pursuit (fighter) squadrons and began flying offensive combat patrols over the Aisne-Marne Sector. From Saints, the group engaged in combat at the  Francheville Aerodrome  Francheville Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France. It was located north of Coulommiers, in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. [sep] Knowledge2: Francheville Aerodrome: Francheville Aerodrome was a temporary World War I airfield in France.  It was located 3.0 miles (4.8 km) north of Coulommiers, in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. ; Francheville Aerodrome: It was a very active sector with many enemy aircraft.  The aircraft flew reconnaissance from 3am to 8pm and nearly every sortie meant combat with the enemy.  At the end of July, as the German forces began their retreat, the group again moved to the Vesle Sector to perform reconnaissance prior to the St. Mihiel Offensive: the 1st and 12th squadrons left on 22 July, followed by HQ on 30 July, while 88th had transferred to III Corps Observation Group on 25 July, staying at Francheville until 4 August. French BR 237 stayed 30 July - 11 August, working for the French 6th Army then, as the battle front was fast moving away from the area, the airfield was abandoned and soon returned to agricultural use. ; File:Francheville Aerodrome.jpg: Original file ‎(1,391 × 1,353 pixels, file size: 227 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Francheville Aerodrome.jpg: العربية ∙ беларуская (тарашкевіца) ∙ català ∙ čeština ∙ Deutsch ∙ English ∙ español ∙ eesti ∙ فارسی ∙ suomi ∙ français ∙ italiano ∙ 日本語 ∙ 한국어 ∙ македонски ∙ മലയാളം ∙ မြန်မာဘာသာ ∙ norsk bokmål ∙ Plattdüütsch ∙ Nederlands ∙ polski ∙ português ∙ português do Brasil ∙ русский ∙ sicilianu ∙ slovenčina ∙ slovenščina ∙ српски / srpski ∙ svenska ∙ Türkçe ∙ українська ∙ Tiếng Việt ∙ 中文（简体） ∙ 中文（繁體） ∙ +/− ; File:Francheville Aerodrome.jpg: Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
Knowledge1: Kijevac is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 183 people.  Kijevac is a village in the municipality of Babušnica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 54 people. Kijevac (Surdulica)  Kijevac is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 183 people. [sep] Knowledge2: Kijevac (Surdulica): Kijevac is a village in the municipality of Surdulica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 183 people.[1] ; Kijevac (Surdulica): 42°42′17″N 22°11′19″E﻿ / ﻿42.70472°N 22.18861°E﻿ / 42.70472; 22.18861 ; Kijevac, Babušnica: Kijevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Кијевац) is a village in the municipality of Babušnica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 54 people.[1] ; Kijevac, Babušnica: 43°01′02″N 22°29′49″E﻿ / ﻿43.01722°N 22.49694°E﻿ / 43.01722; 22.49694 ; Kijevac, Babušnica: This Pirot District, Serbia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  At the 2000 census, there were 1,059 people, 485 households and 311 families residing in the town. The population density was 33.7 /sqmi. There were 973 housing units at an average density of 31.0 /sqmi. The racial make-up was 96.79% White, 1.32% Native American, 0.57% Asian, and 1.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.38% of the population. There were 485 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size  Iron River (CDP), Wisconsin  Iron River is an unincorporated, census-designated place located in the town of Iron River, Bayfield County, Wisconsin, United States.  U.S. Highway 2 serves as a main route in the community. Other routes include County Highways A and H.  Iron River is west of the city of Ashland and east of the city of Superior.  Iron River has a post office with ZIP code 54847.  As of the 2010 census, its population was 761.  Iron River is the home of the Bayfield County Fair. The Fair takes place annually in August. [sep] Knowledge2: Iron River, Wisconsin: There were 485 households, of which 23.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.3% were married couples living together, 6.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.7% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.68.
Knowledge1: Lätäseno Leahttáseatnu (Northern Sami), is a river of Finland in Finnish Lapland. It is a tributary of Muonio River, which itself is a tributary of Torne River. The river is a popular fishing destination. It flows through the Lätäseno-Hietajoki wetland protection area. It is also part of the Poroeno-Lätäseno canoe route (which begins in the Käsivarsi Wilderness Area), and offers lean-to shelter and wilderness hut accommodation. [sep] Knowledge2: Lapland War: The reconstruction of Lapland lasted until the early 1950s, although the railway network was not functional until 1957.[69] In addition to the demolished infrastructure, the Wehrmacht extensively laid mines and explosives in the area. By 1973, over 800,000 cartridges, 70,000 mines and 400,000 other explosives had been demined in Lapland, a total of 1,142,000 units.[71]
Knowledge1: Mount Shinten (信天山) is a mountain located on Kuba-jima of Senkaku Islands in Ishigaki, Okinawa, Japan. It is the second highest point of the island, after Mount Chitose. Mount Shinten [sep] Knowledge2: Mount Shinten: Mount Shinten (信天山, Shinten-yama) is a mountain located on Kuba-jima of Senkaku Islands in Ishigaki, Okinawa, Japan. It is the second highest point of the island, after Mount Chitose.
Knowledge1: Dual Plover is a pioneering independent Australian record label, founded in Sydney in 1996, notable for discovering some of the most enigmatic artists in experimental music. Founded by Lucas Abela and Swerve Harris, Dual Plover are concerned with releasing audio works by people whose work is outside of current trends, be it pop trends or the so-called avant-garde music trends. Dual Plover's first release 'a kombi - music to drive-by' consisted of recordings from a Volkswagen Kombi van originally recorded at picturesque Waverley Cemetery in September 1994. From 1996 onwards they have also been manufacturing CDs and DVDs as well as touring artists such as Kevin Blechdom, Al Duval and many others, both in their native Australia as well as internationally. Dual Plover  Dual Plover is an independent Australian record label founded in Sydney in 1995 by Lucas Abela and Swerve Harris. Dual Plover's first release "a kombi - music to drive-by" consisted of recordings from a Volkswagen Kombi van originally recorded at picturesque Waverley Cemetery in September 1994. From 1996 onwards they have also been manufacturing CDs and DVDs as well as touring artists such as Kevin Blechdom, Al Duval and many others, both in their native Australia as well as internationally. [sep] Knowledge2: Dual Plover: Dual Plover (stylized dualpLOVER) is an Australian independent record label founded in Sydney in 1995 by Lucas Abela and Swerve Harris. Dual Plover's first release called "a kombi - music to drive-by" consisted of recordings from a Volkswagen Kombi van originally recorded at Waverley Cemetery in September 1994.
Knowledge1: Saint-Antonin (Sant Antonin in Occitan) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.  Saint-Antonin (Sent Antonin in Occitan) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France. It is located near Auch and Mauvezin. Saint-Antonin, Gers  Saint-Antonin (; ) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France. It is located near Auch and Mauvezin.  Saint-Antonin  Saint-Antonin may refer to the following places: [sep] Knowledge2: Saint-Antonin: Saint-Antonin may refer to the following places: ; Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes: Saint-Antonin (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃.t‿ɑ̃tɔnɛ̃]; Occitan: Sant Antonin; Italian: Sant'Antonino) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Knowledge1:  Kamau Peterson (born September 16, 1978) is a former professional Canadian football wide receiver and formerly the offensive coordinator for the York Lions football team. He last played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League. He was originally drafted sixth overall by the Calgary Stampeders in the 2001 CFL Draft and won the 89th Grey Cup with the team that year. Although he was born in Los Angeles, California, United States, Peterson grew up in Detroit, Michigan, but was schooled in LaSalle, Ontario, so he counts as a non-import in the CFL. Kamau transitioned into his post-football career by founding PlaymakerU which trained young athletes in many sports but especially football. Based in Sherwood Park, Alberta he [sep] Knowledge2: Peterson (surname): Donald M Peterson (1900–1994), WW1, and WW2 veteran, sergeant, bronze star recipient
Knowledge1:  Joy is a 2018 Austrian drama film directed and written by Sudabeh Mortezai. The plot revolves around Joy (Anwulika Alphonsus), a young Nigerian woman who walks the streets to pay off debts while also supporting her family in Nigeria and her daughter in Vienna. It was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 92nd Academy Awards. However, the film was disqualified in November 2019, with the Academy stating that the film had too much dialogue in English. The filmmakers disputed the disqualification, arguing that when the parts of the dialogue in Nigerian Pidgin that are unintelligible to English speakers are counted separately from English, English constitutes less than 50% of the entire dialogue and thus the film should be eligible, but the Academy stood by its initial decision. [sep] Knowledge2: Joy McKean: In 1993 the McKean Sisters reunited to record a CD, "The McKeans on Stage" and continued to perform together on stage various times with the Slim Dusty Show over the subsequent decade leading up to Slim's death in 2003 and Tamworth's tribute "Concert for Slim" in 2004.[6] This tribute concert brought together over 30 Australian music artists and featured an historic duet performance by McKean and Paul Kelly of "Sunlander" and a cover of McKean's Lights on the Hill performed by Keith Urban.[13]
Knowledge1: A fictionalized version of these events is depicted in the 1992 film "Bram Stoker's Dracula", although in the film, the river the princess throws herself into is the Argeș itself. The ecosystem of the river was affected by the building of the reservoir. Before its building, "Romanichthys valsanicola", an endemic fish species, used to populate this river. Currently this species, listed as critically endangered, is only found along a 1 km stretch of the Vâlsan River. Râul Doamnei Râul Doamnei is a left tributary of the river Argeș in Romania. It discharges into the Argeș just north of Pitești. It [sep] Knowledge2: Valea Stanciului (river): The Valea Stanciului is a left tributary of the river Săcuieu in Romania.[1][2] It flows into the Săcuieu in Răchițele. Its length is 15 km (9.3 mi) and its basin size is 31 km2 (12 sq mi).[2] The river valley is known for its gorge Cheile Văii Stanciului and the Vălul Miresei waterfalls.[3]
Knowledge1: Sutlepa (Sutlep) is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia. Wooden Sutlepa chapel from the 17th century was moved to Estonian Open Air Museum in Tallinn in 1970. Sutlepa  Sutlepa () is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.  Wooden Sutlepa chapel from the 17th century was moved to Estonian Open Air Museum in Tallinn in 1970. [sep] Knowledge2: Sutlepa: Sutlepa (Swedish: Sutlep) is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.[1] ; Sutlepa:  59°03′N 23°36′E﻿ / ﻿59.050°N 23.600°E﻿ / 59.050; 23.600 ;  Sutlepa : Sutlepa (Swedish: Sutlep) is a village in LÃ¤Ã¤ne-Nigula Parish, LÃ¤Ã¤ne County, in western Estonia.
Knowledge1:  allowed to re-enter the Well. As the novel closes, Mavra, Marquoz, and Yua have arrived at their new hexes and are beginning to find their bearings. Marquoz is in Hakazit, a high-tech, volcanic land of massive armored lizards (though not firebreathers, to his disappointment). Yua is in Awbri, a nontechnological land of arboreal mammals in which the society is dominated by males. Mavra is in Dillia, semitechnological land of the centaurs. Gypsy resurfaces in an ocean hex, curiously untransformed. As the first waves of Olympians begin to pass through zone, an alarm sounds, and Serge Ortega is summoned to find that his guards have killed Nathan Brazil. [sep] Knowledge2: Movraž: Movraž (pronounced [mɔu̯ˈɾaːʃ] or [ˈmoːu̯ɾaʃ]) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.[2]
Knowledge1: Sarnowo (Rehgart) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. [sep] Knowledge2: Sarnowo, Chełmno County: Sarnowo [sarˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stolno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Stolno, 19 km (12 mi) east of Chełmno, and 38 km (24 mi) north of Toruń. It is located in the Chełmno Land in the historic region of Pomerania.
Knowledge1: Saint-Pierrevillers  Saint-Pierrevillers () is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Pierrevillers: On 20 June 2013, preventive excavations in the courtyard of the Templars uncovered a Roman villa with a hypocaust. ; Saint-Pierrevillers: Saint-Pierrevillers (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ pjɛʁvile]) is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.[3]; Saint-Pierrevillers: Pour l’article homonyme, voir Pierrevillers. ; Saint-Pierrevillers: Saint-Pierrevillers est une commune française située dans le département de la Meuse, en région Grand Est. ; Saint-Pierrevillers: Saint-Pierrevillers est une commune rurale, car elle fait partie des communes peu ou très peu denses, au sens de la grille communale de densité de l'Insee[Note 1],[1],[2],[3].
Knowledge1:  population. The upper floor of the main building presents an exhibition of wooden boats and boat building. Here we find work boats and boats of bygone days, as well as a presentation of wooden boat building along clinker and cravel-techniques. In addition to permanent exhibitions here mentioned the museum annually presents a selected theme connected to the maritime culture. In the wooden shed, opposite the main building, the visitor will find a collection of marine engines, inboard as well as outboard, possibly the most important in Finland. The upper floor of this shed houses an exhibition on summer life in the skerries in bygone days including pleasure boats. The museum trust also publishes a journal concerned with the archaeology and ethnology of boats. Archipelago Museum  The Archipelago Museum (or Rönnäs-museum) in Rönnäs, Loviisa in Finland, is dedicated to coastal areas and the archipelagos and their specific life. It is run by a local trust from the start in 1985. The museum holds one of Finland's largest collections of traditional peasant boats.  The basic exhibition located in the basement of the main building, stresses the impact of human life in the nature of the archipelagos by describing the initial colonization of the barren areas, as well as of the introduction of agrarian occupation. The exhibition showcases maritime occupations such as seal hunting, fishery and seabird hunting, as well as coastal navigation and pilotage. The upper floor of the main building presents an exhibition of wooden boats and boat building.   In addition to permanent exhibitions, the museum annually presents a selected theme connected to the maritime culture. The museum trust also publishes a journal on archaeology and ethnology of boats. [sep] Knowledge2: Archipelago Museum: The Archipelago Museum  (or Rönnäs-museum) in  Rönnäs, Loviisa in Finland, is dedicated to coastal areas and the archipelagos and their specific life. It is run by a local trust from the start in 1985.[citation needed] The museum holds one of Finland's largest collections of traditional peasant boats.[1] ; Archipelago Museum: The basic exhibition located in the basement of the main building, stresses the impact of human life in the nature of the archipelagos by describing the initial colonization of the barren areas, as well as of the introduction of agrarian occupation. The exhibition showcases maritime occupations such as seal hunting, fishery and seabird hunting, as well as coastal navigation and pilotage. The upper floor of the main building presents an exhibition of wooden boats and boat building.  ; Archipelago Museum: In addition to permanent exhibitions, the museum annually presents a selected theme connected to the maritime culture. The museum trust also publishes a journal on archaeology and ethnology of boats.
Knowledge1: 🇫🇷 Garons, France (2000) Revigliasco d'Asti is twinned with:   Revigliasco d'Asti is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 km southeast of Turin and about 6 km southwest of Asti. Revigliasco d'Asti borders the following municipalities: Antignano, Asti, Celle Enomondo, and Isola d'Asti. Revigliasco d'Asti  Revigliasco d'Asti is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Asti.  Revigliasco d'Asti borders the following municipalities: Antignano, Asti, Celle Enomondo, and Isola d'Asti. [sep] Knowledge2: Revigliasco d'Asti: Revigliasco d'Asti is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southeast of Turin and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of Asti. ; Revigliasco d'Asti: Revigliasco d'Asti borders the following municipalities: Antignano, Asti, Celle Enomondo, and Isola d'Asti. ; Revigliasco d'Asti: Revigliasco d'Asti is twinned with: ; Revigliasco d'Asti: This article on a location in the Province of Asti is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Revigliasco d'Asti: Revigliasco d'Asti (Revijasch, Ariasch o Riasch in piemontese) è un comune italiano di 737 abitanti della provincia di Asti, nel territorio storico dell'Astesana in Piemonte. Noto in tutto il mondo per le ciliegie ed il tamburello.
Knowledge1:  Willow River is a city in Pine County, Minnesota, United States, at the confluence of the Kettle and Willow Rivers. The population was 415 at the 2010 census. Interstate 35, County Road 43, and County 61 (Cross Street) are three of the main routes in the community. [sep] Knowledge2: Willow River: Willow River may refer to:
Knowledge1:  According to the 2011 census Una district has a population of 521,173, giving it a ranking of 543rd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of 338 PD/sqkm. Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 16.24%. Una has a sex ratio of 977 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 87.23%. Local languages are Himachali, Hindi and Punjabi. Punjabi with mixture of Himachali language is mostly used in plain areas of Una City, tehsil Ghanari and Haroli Tehsil. But in other areas like Bangana, Amb and Chintpurni Himachali language is widely spoken. According to the 2001 census, the total population of Una was 447,967 with a sex-ratio of 997. The literacy rate stood at 81.09%. In 2011, population figures were raised to 521,057 with decreased sex ratio of 977. The literacy rate increased to 87.23%. The total area of the district is 1549 km2. The urban population contributes nearly 9% of the total population. Hinduism is the most common religion. Sikhism and Islam have sizable number of followers. Christians and others form very small minorities. [sep] Knowledge2: List of administrative divisions by country: 2 cities and counties
Knowledge1:  (sales temporarily banned in bars and restaurants from December 13, 2021 due to the Omicron variant in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic in Norway) ; (legal for non-Muslims foreigners, Muslims can only consume alcohol inside a bar) ; (excluding non-Muslims) ; (De facto illegal in the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip only, legal in the West Bank) ; (excluding non-Muslims) ; (excluding non-Muslims) ; (prohibition is only by the emirate of sharjah) 🇳🇴 Norway (sales temporarily banned in bars and restaurants from December 13, 2021 due to the Omicron variant in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic in Norway) ; (legal for [sep] Knowledge2: List of banned video games by country: Media in the United States and Europe have incorrectly reported that Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, which features a storyline in which Russian ultra-nationalists take control of the country and invade the United States, was banned in Russia. Activision called these reports "erroneous".[128] Instead, a censored version of the game was published, omitting the controversial "No Russian" level.[citation needed] This also presumably[original research?] prevented the game from being released on consoles in Russian, with only a PC version officially available.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Kanaküla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia. [sep] Knowledge2: Kanaküla:  Kanaküla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.[1] ; Kanaküla:  58°15′N 25°06′E﻿ / ﻿58.250°N 25.100°E﻿ / 58.250; 25.100 ; Kanaküla:  Kanaküla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.[1]; www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az:   Kanaküla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.[1]KanakülaVillageCountry EstoniaCountyPärnu CountyParishSaarde ParishTime zoneUTC+2 (EET) • Summer (DST)UTC+3 (EEST) References  ^ Classification of Estonian administrative units and settlements 2014 (retrieved 28 July 2021)    Coordinates: 58°15′N 25°06′E / 58.250°N 25.100°E / 58.250; 25.100   This Pärnu County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.vte   ; www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az:  Kanaküla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.[1]
Knowledge1: Breitenfelde is a village in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated near the Elbe-Lübeck Canal, approx. 5 km southwest of Mölln, and 30 km south of Lübeck. Breitenfelde is part of the Amt ("collective municipality") Breitenfelde. From November 1944 to April 1945, an external command of the Neuengamme concentration camp was housed in Breitenfelde. It comprised 20 prisoners who had to do forced labor for the SS-Bauleitung Mölln in the sawmill of the Karl Gülzow company. Breitenfelde  Breitenfelde is a village in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated near the Elbe-Lübeck Canal, approx. 5 km southwest of Mölln, and 30 km south of Lübeck.  Breitenfelde is part of the "Amt" ("collective municipality") Breitenfelde.  From November 1944 to April 1945, an external command of the Neuengamme concentration camp was housed in Breitenfelde. It comprised 20 prisoners who had to do forced labor for the SS-Bauleitung Mölln in the sawmill of the Karl Gülzow company. [sep] Knowledge2: Breitenfelde: Breitenfelde is a village in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated near the Elbe-Lübeck Canal, approx. 5 km southwest of Mölln, and 30 km south of Lübeck. ; Breitenfelde: Breitenfelde is part of the Amt ("collective municipality") Breitenfelde. ; Breitenfelde: From November 1944 to April 1945, an external command of the Neuengamme concentration camp was housed in Breitenfelde. It comprised 20 prisoners who had to do forced labor for the SS-Bauleitung Mölln in the sawmill of the Karl Gülzow company.[3] ; Breitenfelde (Amt): The Amt Breitenfelde consists of the following municipalities (population in 2005 between brackets): ; Breitenfelde (Amt): 53°34′59″N 10°36′00″E﻿ / ﻿53.583°N 10.600°E﻿ / 53.583; 10.600
Knowledge1:  Konjsko Brdo is a village in the municipality of Perušić, Lika-Senj County, Croatia. Konjsko Brdo  Konjsko Brdo is a village in the municipality of Perušić, Lika-Senj County, Croatia. [sep] Knowledge2: Konjsko Brdo: Konjsko Brdo is a village in the municipality of Perušić, Lika-Senj County, Croatia. ; Konjsko Brdo: The population in 2011 was 118.[3] ; Konjsko Brdo: Konjsko Brdo is a village in the municipality of Perušić, Lika-Senj County, Croatia.
Knowledge1: New York State Route 157  New York State Route 157 (NY 157) is a state highway in Albany County, New York, in the United States. It runs from an intersection with NY 156 near the hamlet of Berne to a junction with NY 85 in the hamlet of New Salem. NY 157 is a two-lane, narrow, winding route that runs along an escarpment overlooking the Capital District. The route provides access to John Boyd Thacher State Park and Thompson's Lake State Park. NY 157 was assigned to its current alignment as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. [sep] Knowledge2: New York State Route 157: New York State Route 157; New York State Route 157: New York State Route 157 (NY 157) is a state highway in Albany County, New York, in the United States. It runs from an intersection with NY 156 near the hamlet of Berne to a junction with NY 85 in the hamlet of New Salem. NY 157 is a two-lane, narrow, winding route that runs along an escarpment overlooking the Capital District. The route provides access to John Boyd Thacher State Park and Thompson's Lake State Park. NY 157 was assigned to its current alignment as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York. ; New York State Route 157: NY 157 begins at an intersection with NY 156 (Berne–Altamont Road) in the town of Berne. The route proceeds southeast along Thompson's Lake Road, a two-lane, rural, asphalt road through Berne and climbing down a hill before reaching an intersection with NY 157A (Warners Lake Road). After NY 157A, the route runs east through Berne, reaching an intersection with Old Stage Road. At this junction, the route turns southward, crossing past more residences and farms and an intersection with the western terminus of County Route 256 (CR 256, named Ketcham Road). At the junction with Singer Road, NY 157 turns southeast once again, crossing past similar surroundings.[3] ; New York State Route 157: The direction changes again southward as NY 157 passes the campground for Thompson's Lake State Park. Now running lakeside, the route turns southeast along the southern shore of Thompson's Lake, passing many waterside residences. After leaving the lakeside, NY 157 enters the hamlet of Thompson's Lake, a small community based around the junction of NY 157, NY 157A, (Thacher Park Road) and CR 303 (Beaver Dam Road). At the junction, located to the southeast of Thompson's Lake Rural Cemetery, NY 157A terminates at NY 157, which turns north on Thacher Park Road. CR 303 begins westward on the right-of-way seceded by NY 157. Now running north, NY 157 leaves the hamlet, running east of the lake.[3] ; New York State Route 157: After making a bend to the northeast, the route junctions with the eastern terminus of CR 256, where NY 157 turns eastward through Berne. Making a large bend to the southeast, NY 157 crosses into John Boyd Thacher State Park, passing multiple entrances and parking lots into various park attractions. Through the park, NY 157 makes various directional changes, but maintains a generally southeast progression, crossing into the town of New Scotland within the park grounds. After leaving the park, the route retains the Thacher Park Road moniker, winding southeast through dense wilderness of New Scotland. Turning to the south, NY 157 junctions with the terminus of CR 311 (Beaver Dam Road). After one more bend to the east, the route intersects with NY 85 (New Scotland Road). This junction, located in the hamlet of New Salem, serves as the eastern terminus of NY 157.[3]
Knowledge1: Inhabitants of Le Moustoir are called moustoiriens in French. Le Moustoir  Le Moustoir (; ) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Le Moustoir: Le Moustoir (French pronunciation: [lə mustwaʁ]; Breton: Ar Vouster) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France. ; Le Moustoir: Inhabitants of Le Moustoir are called moustoiriens in French. ; Le Moustoir (Côtes-d'Armor): Le Moustoir [lə mustwaʁ] est une commune française située dans le département des Côtes-d'Armor en région Bretagne. ; Le Moustoir (Côtes-d'Armor): Le Moustoir est une commune rurale, car elle fait partie des communes peu ou très peu denses, au sens de la grille communale de densité de l'Insee[Note 1],[8],[9],[10]. ; Le Moustoir (Côtes-d'Armor): Le nom de la commune provient du vieux mot breton moster ou mouster qui signifie « monastère » ou « abbaye »[14].
Knowledge1: Mackay Courthouse is located at 12 Brisbane Street, Mackay in Queensland, Australia. The complex contains the current and former courthouses as well as police residences and other police buildings. Mackay Courthouse  Mackay Courthouse is located at 12 Brisbane Street, Mackay in Queensland, Australia.  The complex contains the current and former courthouses as well as police residences and other police buildings. [sep] Knowledge2: Mackay Courthouse:  Mackay Courthouse is located at 12 Brisbane Street, Mackay in Queensland, Australia. ; Mackay Courthouse: The complex contains the current and former courthouses as well as police residences and other police buildings. ; Mackay Courthouse: The courthouse was constructed during the Great Depression as part of a government initiated works scheme to alleviate unemployment. It was completed in 1939. ; Mackay Courthouse: The courthouse was designed by the Queensland Chief Architect AB Leven in the Georgian revival style. ; Mackay Courthouse: The building underwent a major refurbishment in 2003. Four new courtrooms, judicial chambers, jury facilities, interview rooms, vulnerable witness room, public waiting areas and a lift were added.
Knowledge1: Landresse  Landresse () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Landresse: Landresse (French pronunciation: [lɑ̃dʁɛs]) is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. ; Landresse: Landresse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. ; Landresse: Landresse est une commune française située dans le département du Doubs en région Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. ; Landresse: Landracey en 117 ; Landrace en 1263[1]. ; Landresse: Landresse est une commune rurale, car elle fait partie des communes peu ou très peu denses, au sens de la grille communale de densité de l'Insee[Note 1],[2],[3],[4].  La commune est en outre hors attraction des villes[5],[6].
Knowledge1: Robinson (TV series)  Robinson, formerly Expedition Robinson, is a Swedish reality game show and the original version of the international "Survivor" format.  The television show places a group of strangers in an isolated location, where they must provide food, fire, and shelter for themselves. They are initially divided into two tribes. The contestants compete in challenges for rewards and immunity from elimination. The remaining contestants are eventually merged into a single tribe. The contestants are progressively eliminated from the game as they are voted out by their fellow contestants or, as may be the result after the merge, lose an immunity challenge until only one remains and is awarded the grand prize.  The format was developed in 1994 by Charlie Parsons for a United Kingdom TV production company called Planet 24, but the Swedish debut in 1997 was the first production to actually make it to television.<ref name=bbc /> The show was a success, and plans for international versions were made. An American version called "Survivor" started in 2000. [sep] Knowledge2: Robinson (name): In Ireland, Robinson is most common in Ulster. The two names had been used interchangeably in some areas of the province around the beginning of the 20th century.
Knowledge1: Rankings are as of November 2, 2009.  Rankings are as of November 1, 2010.  Lambertz Open by STAWAG  The Lambertz Open by STAWAG is a tennis tournament held in Aachen, Germany since 1991. The event is part of the "ATP challenger series and is played on indoor carpet courts. [sep] Knowledge2: 2010 Lambertz Open by STAWAG:  Dustin Brown def.  Igor Sijsling, 6–3, 7–6(3)
Knowledge1:  Goreme is a village in Strumyani Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, in southwestern Bulgaria. [sep] Knowledge2: Goreme, Bulgaria: Goreme is a village in Strumyani Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, in southwestern Bulgaria.[1]
Knowledge1: Gawarzec Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 km north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, 25 km south of Płońsk, and 57 km north-west of Warsaw. Gawarzec Dolny  Gawarzec Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw. [sep] Knowledge2: Gawarzec Dolny: Gawarzec Dolny [ɡaˈvaʐɛt͡s ˈdɔlnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, 25 km (16 mi) south of Płońsk, and 57 km (35 mi) north-west of Warsaw. ; Gawarzec Dolny: This Płońsk County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Studzianka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. Studzianka, Podlaskie Voivodeship  Studzianka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. Studzianka  Studzianka may refer to the following places: [sep] Knowledge2: Studzianka, Podlaskie Voivodeship: Studzianka [stuˈd͡ʑaŋka] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.[1] ; Studzianka: Studzianka may refer to the following places: ; Studzianka, Podlaskie Voivodeship: Studzianka [stuˈd͡ʑaŋka] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.[1]; Studzianka, Podlaskie Voivodeship: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  After the death of Rost Onnes's wife, Meta Dorothea Ludmilla Koenig, he sold the 40-hectare estate in 1952 to the Noord-Nederlandse Golf & Country Club. This golf club was founded in 1950 and initially played at a field near Eelde Airport. These 60 hectares are bordered on the east by two nature reserves: 'Westerlanden' and 'Besloten Venen', and on the west by the Drentsche Aa and an old railway from 1871. The course, initially 9 holes, on the De Poll estate was designed by Sir Guy Campbell and opened in 1954. This took up 42 ha. The golf club subsequently converted the site into a golf course [sep] Knowledge2: Gare de Rosporden:  RFF / SNCF ; Gare de Rosporden: Gare de Rosporden – stacja kolejowa w Rosporden, w departamencie Finistère, w regionie Bretania, we Francji. ; Gare de Rosporden: Znajduje się na wysokości 118 m n.p.m., na 664,604 km[3] linii Savenay – Landerneau, pomiędzy stacjami Bannalec i Quimper.
Knowledge1: "Big" Earl, fictional alien in the video game ToeJam & Earl and its sequels ; Earl, fictional character in the animated TV series Rocko's Modern Life ; Earl Abell (1892–1956), American football player ; Earl E. Anderson (1919–2015), American general ; Earl Anthony (1938–2001), American professional bowler ; Earl Armstrong (1900–1986), Canadian politician ; Earl I. Anzai (born 1941), American politician ; Earl Averill (1902–1983), professional baseball player ; Earl Edwin Austin, American criminal ; Earl Babbie (born 1938), American sociologist ; Earl Bakken (1924–2018), American inventor of the transistorized pacemaker ; Earl Balfour (1933–2018), Canadian professional ice hockey player ; Earl Balmer (1935–2019), [sep] Knowledge2: Earl: The Norman-derived equivalent count (from Latin comes) was not introduced following the Norman Conquest of England though countess was and is used for the female title. Geoffrey Hughes writes, "It is a likely speculation that the Norman French title 'Count' was abandoned in England in favour of the Germanic 'Earl' […] precisely because of the uncomfortable phonetic proximity to cunt".[6]
Knowledge1: Donji Matejevac  Donji Matejevac is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia. [sep] Knowledge2: Donji Matejevac: Donji Matejevac is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.[1];  Donji Matejevac : Donji Matejevac is a village situated in NiÅ¡ municipality in Serbia.[1]
Knowledge1: Rozsochatec  Rozsochatec is a municipality and village in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 500 inhabitants.  Rozsochatec lies approximately north-east of Havlíčkův Brod, north of Jihlava, and south-east of Prague. [sep] Knowledge2: Rozsochatec: Rozsochatec is a municipality and village in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 500 inhabitants. ; Rozsochatec: Rozsochatec lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Havlíčkův Brod, 32 km (20 mi) north of Jihlava, and 98 km (61 mi) south-east of Prague. ; Rozsochatec: The village of Jahodov is an administrative part of Rozsochatec. ; Rozsochatec: The first written mention of Rozsochatec is from 1283.[2] ; Rozsochatec: Can you list the top facts and stats about Rozsochatec?
Knowledge1: Benjamin Franklin, Jr. is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th Our Gang short (212th episode, 123rd talking short, 124th talking episode, and 43rd MGM produced episode) that was released. Benjamin Franklin, Jr.  Benjamin Franklin, Jr. is a 1943 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th "Our Gang" short (212th episode, 123rd talking short, 124th talking episode, and 43rd MGM produced episode) that was released. [sep] Knowledge2: Benjamin Franklin, Jr.: Benjamin Franklin, Jr. is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th Our Gang short (212th episode, 123rd talking short, 124th talking episode, and 43rd MGM produced episode) that was released. ; Benjamin Franklin, Jr.: The gang kids are upset that World War II is causing them deprivations and inconveniences. Organizing a fact-finding committee, Gang members Mickey, Froggy, Buckwheat, and Janet try to determine what to do about the present national crisis. With the help of a convenient copy of Benjamin Franklin's Poor Richard's Almanack, the kids stage a play in which they cathartically come to grips with the sacrifices indigenous to the war effort, and provide patriotic solutions to the situation. ; Benjamin Franklin, Jr.: This article related to a short comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Benjamin Franklin King Jr.: Where the bumblebee sips and the clover's in bloom,    and the zephyr's come laden with peachblow perfume.  Where the thistle-down pauses in search of the rose   and the myrtle and woodbine and wild ivy grows; Oh, give me the spot that I once used to know   by the side of the placid old River St. Joe! ; Benjamin Franklin: By the time Franklin arrived in Philadelphia on May 5, 1775, after his second mission to Great Britain, the American Revolution had begun at the Battles of Lexington and Concord the previous month, on April 19, 1775. The New England militia had forced the main British army to remain inside Boston.[citation needed] The Pennsylvania Assembly unanimously chose Franklin as their delegate to the Second Continental Congress.[citation needed] In June 1776, he was appointed a member of the Committee of Five that drafted the Declaration of Independence. Although he was temporarily disabled by gout and unable to attend most meetings of the committee,[citation needed] he made several "small but important" changes to the draft sent to him by Thomas Jefferson.[115]
Knowledge1: O skliros andras (Ο σκληρός άνδρας) is a 1961 Greek comedy film produced by Finos Films and was directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starred Kostas Hatzichristos, Martha Vourtsi, Martha Karagianni and Kostas Voutsas. It is a cinematographic representation of the play by Georgios Roussos. In its first week of screening in Athens and Piraeus, the movie sold 38,764 tickets placing it 14th in the 68 Greek films in 1961–62. Kostas Hatzichristos ..... Iraklis Leontopoulos ; Martha Vourtsi ..... Aleka Palli ; Martha Karagianni ..... Foula Davari ; Kostas Voutsas ..... Patatas ; Joly Garbi ..... Andromachi ; Vangelis Protopapas ..... Kalogirou ; Takis Hristoforidis ..... police officer ; Kostas Papachristos ..... Mistos Davaris ; Sperantza Vrana ..... Loula ; Margarita Athanasiou ...... Marika ; Kostas Naos ..... Berketis ; Giorgos Tsitsopoulos ..... Takis ; Nassos Kedrakas ..... Thanasis ; Stavros Paravas ..... police officer ; Golfo Bini ..... maid [sep] Knowledge2: Kostas Voutsas: O skliros andras — Ο σκληρός άνδρας Directed by Giannis Dalianidis Andreas Andreadakis (aide) Written by Giannis Dalianidis (from the theatrical play by Giorgos Roussos) Starring Kostas Hadjihristos Martha Vourtsi Martha Karagianni …   Wikipedia
Knowledge1:  The Hunt is a 2020 American horror thriller film directed by Craig Zobel and written by Nick Cuse and Damon Lindelof. The film stars Ike Barinholtz, Betty Gilpin, Emma Roberts, and Hilary Swank. Jason Blum was a producer under his Blumhouse Productions banner, along with Lindelof. Zobel and Lindelof have said that the film is intended as a satire on the profound political divide between the American left and right. The film was first announced in March 2018, and the cast signed on a year later. Filming took place in New Orleans. The film was originally scheduled for release on September 27, 2019. However, as a result of [sep] Knowledge2: The Hunt (2012 film): The film gained critical acclaim for Mikkelsen's performance and Vinterberg's direction. Many have described it as one of the best psychological drama films of its time.[7] It was competed at the 65th Cannes Film Festival, where Mikkelsen won the Best Actor Award for his role,[8][9] and was also screened at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival, among other film festivals.[10] It won the 2013 Nordic Council Film Prize and was one of the nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the 71st Golden Globe Awards.[11] It was the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film category at the 86th Academy Awards[12][13] and was selected as one of the final five nominees.[14]
Knowledge1: Edgar Allan Jones, Jr. as the Judge ; William Gwinn as the Substitute Judge ; Jim Hodson as the Clerk ; Tim Farrell as the Bailiff ; Violet Gillmore as the Court Reporter (and Announcer) Similar to other courtroom dramas of the time, the defendants and witnesses were actors (including, for example, Pamela Mason and Robert Culp). However, the defense and prosecution attorneys were real-life lawyers. The court was presided over by Edgar Allan Jones, Jr. Jones had a law degree from the University of Virginia, was a member of the UCLA law faculty and a labor arbitrator. [sep] Knowledge2: The Accused (1988 film): Jane Fonda was initially attached to play attorney Kathryn Murphy but left the project as she found the script exploitative and poorly written.[8] Ellen Barkin, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sigourney Weaver, Debra Winger, Meryl Streep and Geena Davis were also considered for the part. Kelly McGillis, who had just experienced commercial success with the action film Top Gun (1986), was cast for the bankable prospects of the film.[6] McGillis was initially offered to play Sarah but declined, citing her personal experience.[9]  She acknowledged at the time of the film's release that she herself had survived a violent attack and rape in 1982 when two men broke into her apartment. Based on her experience, she took on the role of Murphy. ; The Accused (1988 film): In a positive review, writing of the two criminal prosecutions in the film, Roger Ebert finds that the lesson of the trial "may be the most important message this movie has to offer...that verbal sexual harassment, whether crudely in a saloon back room or subtly in an everyday situation, is a form of violence - one that leaves no visible marks but can make its victims feel unable to move freely and casually in society. It is a form of imprisonment."[17] Rob Beattie from Empire, gave the film five out of five stars, calling it phenomenal and called the controversial rape scene "devastating, harrowing and utterly convincing".[18] Judy Steed of The Globe and Mail called it "An experience that is sometimes unbearable and always riveting". Vincent Canby of The New York Times called it "A consistently engrossing melodrama, modest in its aims and as effective for the clichés it avoids as for the clear eye through which it sees its working-class American lives".[19]
Knowledge1:  Just Like Us features an original score by Omar Fadel, as well as licensed tracks from, Fredwreck, MC Rai, and Tom Morello's Street Sweeper Social Club.  Just Like Us is a 2010 documentary about a comedy tour of international comedians throughout the middle east. Directed by Egyptian-American actor/comedian, Ahmed Ahmed, the film premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival. Executive producer: Jon Phelps ; Producer and engineer: Gary Platt ; Assistant engineer: Steve Moller ; Mastering: Mike Fuller  Just Like Us (film)  Just Like Us is a 2010 documentary about a comedy tour of international comedians throughout the middle east. Directed by Egyptian-American actor/comedian, Ahmed Ahmed, the film premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Just Like Us (film): Just Like Us is a 2010 documentary about a comedy tour of international comedians throughout the Middle East. Directed by Egyptian-American actor/comedian Ahmed Ahmed, the film premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival. ; Just Like Us (film): Modern technology and globalization have made the world a much smaller place and caused us to be more interconnected as people, yet cultural misconceptions persist. Through a celebration of culture and comedy, this film uproots the widely held misconception that Arabs have no sense of humor − when in fact they laugh, and are, just like us. This documentary features Egyptian-American comedian Ahmed Ahmed, in his directorial debut, along with a host of critically acclaimed international stand-up comedians. Presented by Cross Cultural Entertainment and Cross Cultural Productions, Just Like Us exemplifies their goal of reintroducing socially relevant issues to the world in an effort to build cultural bridges in this age of greater tolerance, understanding and acceptance. The film documents four countries in the Middle East, showcasing the cultures of Dubai, Lebanon, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and Egypt with sold-out crowds totaling over 20,000 people. Contemporary stand-up comedy has the powerful ability to provide relief, encourage a younger generation, break down barriers and serve as a platform for cross-cultural dialogue. This art form is very new to the Middle East and older generations did not have the opportunity to appreciate this creative platform. However, during the current Internet age, stand-up comedy has flourished in the Arab region over the past few years, and continues to show us that laughter is the common language of the world.  ; Just Like Us (film): Comedian Ahmed Ahmed hosts a celebration of culture through comedy by sharing his experience through the Middle East. It features an international lineup of stand-up comedians that reveals an appreciation for stand-up comedy in a modern generation coming of age. ; Just Like Us (film): Just Like Us was filmed in Los Angeles, New York, Arkansas, Cairo, Dubai, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Beirut. ; Just Like Us (film): Just Like Us premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival.  Its theatrical premiere was on June 6, 2011 in Los Angeles.
Knowledge1: Tomorrow Today [sep] Knowledge2: Today (American TV program): Later that day, Kelly issued an internal email apologizing for the remarks, stating that "I realize now that such behavior is indeed wrong, and I am sorry", and that "I've never been a 'pc' kind of person — but I understand that we do need to be more sensitive in this day and age. Particularly on race and ethnicity issues which, far from being healed, have been exacerbated in our politics over the past year. This is a time for more understanding, love, sensitivity and honor, and I want to be part of that. I look forward to continuing that discussion."[51]
Knowledge1: Virginia Beresford ; William Thornton as David Cameron ; Robert Purdie as Donald Cameron ; Connie Martyn as Mary Cameron ; Augustus Neville ; George Chalmers ; W. Dummitt ; 'Big' Bill Wilson ; Sydney Hackett ; Phyllis Culbert   The Pioneers is an American silent film and one of the earliest Westerns, having been released by the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company in October 1903. It incorporates part of the footage from Kit Carson, another Western short also released by Biograph in October 1903. Both films were shot on location in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. [sep] Knowledge2: The Pioneers (1941 film): A frontiersman leads a group of pioneering settlers to their new homestead.
Knowledge1:  The Deal is a 2008 American satirical comedy film directed by Steven Schachter. The screenplay by Schachter and William H. Macy is based on the 1991 novel of the same title by Peter Lefcourt. Macy and Meg Ryan co-star. The film was shot in Cape Town and other South African locations. It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was the opening night attraction at the Sarasota Film Festival. It also was shown at the Philadelphia Film Festival, the Maui Film Festival, and the Traverse City Film Festival, among others, but never was given a theatrical release in the United States. It was released on Region 1 DVD on January 20, 2009. [sep] Knowledge2: The Deal (2008 film): The film was shot in Cape Town and other South African locations. It premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was the opening night attraction at the Sarasota Film Festival.[1] It also was shown at the Philadelphia Film Festival, the Maui Film Festival, and the Traverse City Film Festival, among others, but never was given a theatrical release in the United States. It was released on Region 1 DVD on January 20, 2009.
Knowledge1:  On Tour (Tournée) is a 2010 internationally co-produced comedy-drama film directed by Mathieu Amalric. It stars Amalric himself as a producer who brings an American Neo-Burlesque troupe to France, played by genuine performers Mimi Le Meaux, Kitten on the Keys, Dirty Martini, Julie Atlas Muz, Evie Lovelle and Roky Roulette. In a road movie narrative, the plot follows the troupe as they tour French port cities with their show, which was performed for actual audiences during the production. The inspiration for the film was a book by Colette about her experience from music halls in the early 20th century, and a part of Amalric's aim was to translate the sentiment of the book to a modern setting. The film premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival where it won the FIPRESCI Award, the festival's main prize from film critics. Amalric also received the Best Director Award. [sep] Knowledge2: Phil Kaufman (producer): The song "Why Does It Hurt When I Pee?" from Frank Zappa's album Joe's Garage tells the story of Kaufman's "urination problems".[8]
Knowledge1: The Baby on the Barge is a 1915 British silent film drama directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor and Stewart Rome. No print of the film is known to survive and it is presumed lost. The Baby on the Barge  The Baby on the Barge is a 1915 British silent film drama directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor and Stewart Rome. No print of the film is known to survive and it is presumed lost. [sep] Knowledge2: The Baby on the Barge: The Baby on the Barge is a 1915 British silent film drama directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor and Stewart Rome.  No print of the film is known to survive and it is presumed lost. ; The Baby on the Barge: While her sailor husband is away, Nellie Jennis (Taylor) receives a visit from her brother Jack (Lionelle Howard), who is being sought by the police for an attack on another man.  Jack claims he is being wrongly accused as his actions were in self-defence, and Nellie agrees to shelter him for a while until he can make good his escape.  When her husband Bob (Rome) returns home, he finds evidence which Nellie has overlooked indicating that a man has been staying in his absence.  He assumes the worst and is consumed by jealous rage.  Nellie refuses to break Jack's confidence by telling Bob the truth, and becomes so fearful and distraught about Bob's treatment of her that she flees from home, taking their baby with her. ; The Baby on the Barge: Nellie finds employment with Lord and Lady Lafene, who are happy to let her keep her baby with her.  Before long however, Lord Lafene starts trying to take advantage of her and she runs away again.  Now homeless, destitute and with no means to look after the baby, she returns home in secret and leaves the baby for Bob to care for.  Meanwhile, Jack's trouble with the police has been sorted out and he visits Bob, who now realises that he had suspected Nellie unfairly.  He and Bob go looking for Nellie and finally manage to track her down.  Nellie and Bob are reconciled. ; The Baby on the Barge: This article related to a British film of the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Solid Serenade: Tom hides from Spike's rampage until Jerry walks around the corner; he chases Jerry into Spike's house, closing the door with a murderous laugh and Dracula leer. A second later, the door opens and Jerry emerges with Spike helping him out of the doghouse, Spike then does exactly the same Tom did as he withdraws inside. The entire dog house thrashes about as Spike beats up Tom, who attempts to flee only to be snatched by Spike. Tom manages to write his last will before he's wrenched back in and beaten to within an inch of his life. In the end, Tom becomes part of his instrument in place of the strings with Spike strumming the cat's tail while Jerry bows a dramatic ostinato on Tom's whiskers and Toodles watches.
Knowledge1:  The Trap is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Edwin August, produced by Pat Powers, and starring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost. Chaney would later appear in an unrelated film of the same name in 1922. [sep] Knowledge2: The Trap (1959 film): When released, The New York Times film critic, Bosley Crowther, gave the film a mixed review, writing, "And its tale of a conscience-smitten shyster nabbing a contemporary fugitive badman and bringing him in, against grueling opposition, is in the Western vein. It is not in the high tradition. After a promising start, in which the shyster transforms from a mouthpiece for the fugitive into a self-appointed deputy for his sheriff father, who gets killed, it settles down rather flatly into an ordinary "chase," with the shyster attempting to get the badman by automobile to Barstow, 120 miles away...However, for all its pattern plotting and its heavy reliance on the guns, it comes off a fairly taut picture in the outdoor action frame. Norman Panama, who, with Melvin Frank, produced it, directed it and helped to write the script, has seen to it that there's no waste motion and that the pressure is on all the time."[3]
Knowledge1: The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith. It was the third in his series about the rural family, the Hayseeds. It is considered a lost film.  Dad Hayseed and his friends from Stoney Creek, including Dad Duggan, Cousin Harold, Sam, Tom, Poppy, Molly, Peter, Hopkins and M'Arthur, decide to hold an agricultural show. They go to Brisbane to ask the Governor of Queensland to open it and he agrees. They form a brass band to play, and the show is a great success.  Like the first two Hayseed movies, Beaumont Smith used local appeal to make them attractive to audiences. This one was shot around Brisbane. It was followed by The Hayseeds' Melbourne Cup. Fred MacDonald as Jim Hayseed ; Tal Ordell as Dad Hayseed ; Harry McDonna as Cousin Harold ; Agnes Dobson ; Collet Dobson  The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show  The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith. It was the third in his series about the rural family, the Hayseeds.  It is considered a lost film. [sep] Knowledge2: The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show: The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith. It was the third in his series about the rural family, the Hayseeds.[2] ; The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show: It is considered a lost film. ; The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show: Dad Hayseed and his friends from Stoney Creek, including Dad Duggan, Cousin Harold, Sam, Tom, Poppy, Molly, Peter, Hopkins and M'Arthur, decide to hold an agricultural show. They go to Brisbane to ask the Governor of Queensland to open it and he agrees. They form a brass band to play, and the show is a great success.[3] ; The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show: Like the first two Hayseed movies, Beaumont Smith used local appeal to make them attractive to audiences. This one was shot around Brisbane.[4] It was followed by The Hayseeds' Melbourne Cup. ; The Hayseeds' Back-blocks Show: This article related to an Australian silent film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Ghost (1990 film)  Ghost is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film directed by Jerry Zucker from a screenplay by Bruce Joel Rubin, and starring Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Whoopi Goldberg, Tony Goldwyn, Vincent Schiavelli, and Rick Aviles. The plot centers on Sam Wheat (Swayze), a murdered banker, whose ghost sets out to save his girlfriend, Molly Jensen (Moore), from the person who killed him – through the help of the psychic Oda Mae Brown (Goldberg).  "Ghost" was theatrically released on July 13, 1990, to commercial success, grossing $505 million against a budget of $22–23 million and emerging as the highest-grossing film of 1990 and at the time of its release, was the third-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise going towards the score and performances of the cast. "Ghost" earned five nominations at the 63rd Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Original Score, Best Film Editing, and winning Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay for Rubin. [sep] Knowledge2: Ghost (1990 film): Harrison Ford, Michael J. Fox, Paul Hogan, Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Kevin Kline, Alec Baldwin and Tom Cruise were considered for the role of Sam Wheat.[6][7] Bruce Willis turned down the role of Sam Wheat as he did not understand the script and later called himself a "knucklehead" for turning it down.[8] Similarly, Fox thought the film wouldn't work, and, in hindsight, regretted turning down the role.[9] Michelle Pfeiffer, Molly Ringwald,[7] Meg Ryan,[7] Julia Roberts and Nicole Kidman were considered for the role of Molly Jensen. Tina Turner and Oprah Winfrey auditioned for the role of Oda Mae Brown.[10][11][12][13] According to Goldberg, the producers initially were not interested in casting her as Oda Mae and that Swayze advocated for her to be cast.[14] ; Ghost (1990 film): The film inspired a musical stage version, Ghost: The Musical. The show had its world premiere in Manchester, UK, in March 2011[65] before transferring to London from June 2011 and having its premiere on July 19, 2011.[66] On November 13, 2010, Paramount and Shochiku released a Japanese remake of Ghost, titled Ghost: In Your Arms Again (ゴースト もういちど抱きしめたい, Gōsuto Mouichido Dakishimetai).[67] The remake stars Nanako Matsushima, South Korean actor Song Seung-heon, and veteran actress Kirin Kiki.[68] In this film, the ghost is a woman, played by Matsushima. ; Ghost (1990 film): On January 17, 2023, it was revealed by Vanity Fair that Channing Tatum and his company, Free Association, has the rights to the film from Paramount and announced his plans to produce, and star in, a remake of the film with him playing Swayze's role.[69]
Knowledge1: From Now On (Daqui P'ra Frente) is a 2007 Portuguese film directed by Catarina Ruivo, written by Ruivo and Antonio Figueiredo and produced by Paulo Branco. The film stars Luís Miguel Cintra, Adelaide de Sousa, Antonio Figueiredo, Edgar Morais and Alexandre Pinto.  From Now On screened for the first time in 2007 at the Rio Film Festival, (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) and was widely released in Portugal, France and Germany on September 18, 2007. The official premiere took place in Lisbon, Portugal on January 24, 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: From Now On: From Now On may refer to: ; The Greatest Showman: The film was praised for the performances, music, visuals, and production values, but was criticised for its artistic license.[4][5] It has, however, developed a cult following through its message of empowerment and sense of escapism, in part thanks to the success of its soundtrack.[6][7][8] It received nominations for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Best Actor – Musical or Comedy for Jackman at the 75th Golden Globe Awards. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song for the song "This Is Me", which was also nominated for Best Original Song at the 90th Academy Awards[9] and won the Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards.[10] ; The Greatest Showman: Barnum returns home to find his circus on fire, caused by a fight between protesters and the troupe. Phillip runs into the burning building to save Anne, not knowing that she has already escaped. He suffers serious injuries before Barnum rescues him. Bennett tells Barnum that the culprits have been caught and that Lind has cancelled her tour after Barnum's "scandal". Barnum's mansion is foreclosed, and Charity (having found out about the kiss) berates Barnum for being in love with only himself and his show. She takes their daughters to her parents' home. ; The Greatest Showman: A recovering Phillip offers his share of the profits to help Barnum rebuild the circus in exchange for becoming a full partner, which Barnum readily accepts. To economize, Barnum transforms the enterprise into an open-air tent circus. ; The Greatest Showman: In early 2016, the cast performed a read-through in front of producers to green-light the film. Pasek and Paul approached Jeremy Jordan to sing the part of Carlyle, since Jordan recorded demos for the film in 2015.[17] The day before the read-through, Jackman underwent nasal surgery and was ordered by his doctor not to sing. Pasek and Paul asked Jordan to also sing the part of Barnum while Jackman acted out the scenes, to which Jordan agreed.[17] While the cast performed "From Now On", Jackman disobeyed orders and began singing along with Jordan. This brought the read-through to an emotional end, which resulted in the film being greenlit.[18]
Knowledge1: John Heriot's Wife  John Heriot's Wife () is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger. [sep] Knowledge2: John Heriot's Wife: John Heriot's Wife (Dutch: De vrouw van de minister) is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger. ; John Heriot's Wife: John Heriot's Wife (Dutch: De vrouw van de minister) is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger.; John Heriot's Wife: British Academy Film Awards · British New Wave · Carry On · Documentary Film Movement · Eady Levy · Free Cinema · Harry Potter · London in film · Home Video Charts · James Bond · London Film Festival · Quota quickies
Knowledge1: Divorce Italian Style  Divorce Italian Style () is a 1961 Italian dark comedy film directed by Pietro Germi. The screenplay is by Germi, Ennio De Concini, Alfredo Giannetti, and Agenore Incrocci, based on Giovanni Arpino's novel "Un delitto d'onore" ("Honour Killing"). It stars Marcello Mastroianni, Daniela Rocca, Stefania Sandrelli, Lando Buzzanca, and Leopoldo Trieste. The movie won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Story and Screenplay – Written Directly for the Screen; Mastroianni was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Germi for Best Director. [sep] Knowledge2: Sergio Leone: By 1989, Leone set the film's budget at $100 million, and had secured half of that amount in financing from independent backers from the Soviet Union. He had convinced Ennio Morricone to compose the film score, and Tonino Delli Colli was tapped to be the cinematographer. Shooting was scheduled to begin sometime in 1990. The project was canceled when Leone died two days before he was to officially sign on for the film. Alex Cox offered to replace Leone as director, but was unable to secure the remaining $50 million required to produce the film.[31]
Knowledge1: Emmerdale, Brass Eye, Da Ali G Show and Coronation Street. Some BBC programmes (the early series of My Family were one example) were also released by VCI. Confusion often arose between this UK-based company, and the Tulsa, Oklahoma-based home video label VCI Entertainment, founded in 1976 by Bill Blair. Perhaps as a result of this, when VCI entered the American market in the early 1990s, they went under the name of Strand VCI Entertainment, and then Strand Home Video; this operation was sold in 1993 to budget video label Video Treasures (later a core component of Anchor Bay Entertainment), who completed the label's absorption in 1994. [sep] Knowledge2: Strand (album): AllMusic praised the album's variety of instruments and the addition of guest vocalists.[2] The Washington Post wrote: "With Rebecca Gates adding piano, organ and mellotron to her guitar, such hushed, atmospheric tracks as 'Madding' and 'Luminous' live up to their Cocteau Twinnish titles."[11] Magnet wrote that the album "transcended [the band's] ragged Northwest-indie roots and gave Gates’ smart songwriting a dreamy, atmospheric sheen."[8] Trouser Press wrote that "the album exists on another plane, a dreamstate rooted in studio experimentation not live practicality."[12]
Knowledge1: The Thing We Love is a 1918 American silent drama film starring Wallace Reid, Kathlyn Williams, and Tully Marshall, produced by Jesse Lasky, distributed by Paramount Pictures, and directed by Lou Tellegen. This marked Tellegen's second foray into directing as he usually was a leading man in front of the camera like Reid.  This film is now considered a lost film. The Thing We Love  The Thing We Love is a 1918 American silent drama film starring Wallace Reid, Kathlyn Williams, and Tully Marshall, produced by Jesse Lasky, distributed by Paramount Pictures, and directed by Lou Tellegen. This marked Tellegen's second foray into directing as he usually was a leading man in front of the camera like Reid. [sep] Knowledge2: The Thing We Love: The Thing We Love is a 1918 American silent drama film starring Wallace Reid, Kathlyn Williams, and Tully Marshall, produced by Jesse Lasky, distributed by Paramount Pictures, and directed by Lou Tellegen. This marked Tellegen's second foray into directing as he usually was a leading man in front of the camera like Reid.[1][2] ; The Thing We Love: This film is now considered a lost film.[3] ; The Thing We Love: This 1910s drama film-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: One of Those (Una di quelle, also known as Totò, Peppino e... una di quelle) is a 1953 Italian comedy-drama film produced, written, directed and starred by Aldo Fabrizi. [sep] Knowledge2: One of Those Days: Keysha Davis of BBC Music called the sampling of "Between the Sheets" as "clever".[13] Nakesa Mumbi Moody, of the Associated Press, wrote it was "sexy" and "dreamy".[14] Writing for The Boston Globe, Joan Anderman called it a "breezy" track with a "disturbingly trite" theme.[18]  The German newspaper Der Tagesspiegel, in their review for "One of Those Days" called the song "schmaltzy" and wrote that it could have been done in the 1980s.[27] Jimmy Draper of San Francisco Bay Guardian noted that "the song seems so anticlimactic in comparison to the real-life pot".[28] Jon Caramanica of Rolling Stone called the track "creaky and unconvincing".[29] Entertainment Weekly gave the remix single a D rating and commented negatively that "this chaotic mess isn't likely to find an enthusiastic audience" as the producer "laid a random Nelly verse and some whistle beats on top of Houston's vocals. It's as if someone opened the door between two rooms and cranked warring stereos".[30] Following Houston's death in 2012, Entertainment Weekly published a list of Houston's 25 best songs and ranked "One of Those Days" at number 19; they noted that it was "an underrated single off an underrated album". They further commented that "Whitney gave women of the world an instruction manual for pampering themselves in the Sex and the City era".[31]
Knowledge1: The Lie (2018 film)  The Lie is a 2018 psychological horror film written and directed by Veena Sud. The film is a remake of the 2015 German film "We Monsters", and stars Mireille Enos, Peter Sarsgaard and Joey King. Jason Blum serves as a producer under his Blumhouse Television banner.  "The Lie" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 13, 2018. It was later released on October 6, 2020, by Amazon Studios, as the first installment in the anthological "Welcome to the Blumhouse" film series. [sep] Knowledge2: The Lie (Lost): In 2007,[N 2] Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox) and Ben Linus (Michael Emerson) part ways, with Ben taking Locke's body to a butcher for safekeeping. Ben tells Jack to collect any personal items he really wants and meet up with him in six hours. Meanwhile, Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly) and Aaron Littleton, her adopted son, have fled their home to escape lawyers demanding a maternity test. They meet up with Sun-Hwa Kwon (Yunjin Kim) at a hotel, who implies that Kate should take whatever measures are necessary to protect Aaron. Sun forgives Kate for leaving her husband, Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) on the freighter when it exploded.[N 3]
Knowledge1:  Early Man was a massive failure, grossing only $8.2 million in North America and $46.3 million in other territories (including $15.8 million in the United Kingdom) for a worldwide gross of $54.6 million, against its budget of $50 million, it was deemed a box office bomb. [sep] Knowledge2: Early Man (film): In addition to a rabbit that Dug's tribe constantly hunts every day, a Ceratosaurus and a Triceratops, similar to the ones animated by Ray Harryhausen from One Million Years B.C., are seen fighting each other at the opening of the film prior to the asteroid striking Earth. In the end credits, they go by the name Ray (Ceratosaurus) and Harry (Triceratops). ; Early Man (film): As with previous stop motion films created by Aardman, the characters in Early Man were developed over time with the voice actors to determine the way the characters look, move, and speak. The results were turned over to the film's 35 animators at the studio to work on individualising the characters.[12] A crowd of people took part in an audio recording at the Memorial Stadium Home of Bristol Rovers.[13] ; Early Man (film): Early Man was deemed a box-office bomb, grossing only $8.2 million in North America and $46.3 million in other territories (including $15.8 million in the United Kingdom) for a worldwide gross of $54.6 million, against its budget of $50 million. ; Early Man (film): The top five international markets for the movie were the United Kingdom ($15.7 million), France ($6.7 million), Spain ($3.3 million), Germany ($1.7 million) and Italy ($1.6 million). ; Early Man (film): On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 81% based on 176 reviews, and an average rating of 6.7/10, making it the lowest-rated film Nick Park has made. The website's critical consensus reads, "Early Man isn't quite as evolved as Aardman's best work, but still retains the unique visuals and sweet humor that have made the studio a favorite among animation enthusiasts."[4]
Knowledge1: The Garden of Weeds is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James Cruze and starring Betty Compson. It is based on the Broadway play Garden of Weeds by Leon Gordon and Doris Marquette. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed. The Garden of Weeds  The Garden of Weeds is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James Cruze and starring Betty Compson. It is based on the Broadway play "Garden of Weeds" by Leon Gordon and Doris Marquette. Famous Players-Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed. [sep] Knowledge2: The Garden of Weeds: The Garden of Weeds is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by James Cruze and starring Betty Compson. It is based on the Broadway play Garden of Weeds by Leon Gordon and Doris Marquette.[1] Famous Players–Lasky produced and Paramount Pictures distributed.[2] ; The Garden of Weeds: As described in a review in a film magazine,[3] of great wealth but lacking in the better traits, Phillip Flagg (Fellowes) maintains an estate which he calls his "Garden of Weeds" where he entertains girls of the stage until he tires of them. Attracted to Dorothy Delbridge (Compson), he has her fired because she refuses to accept his attentions. She later accept his invitation and becomes the mistress of "Garden of Weeds." Meeting Douglas Crawford (Baxter), another wealthy chap, she breaks with Flagg and marries him but has not the courage to reveal her past. Crawford engages Flagg’s butler, who threatens to reveal the secret. Flagg comes to see Crawford and arranges to fleece him in a shady deal. He begins to taunt her with veiled jibes to get even. Dorothy, unable to stand it any longer, reveals the truth. Crawford says he has known it all the time and proceeds to thrash Flagg, who falls over the balcony railing and is killed. ; The Garden of Weeds: With no prints of The Garden of Weeds located in any film archives,[4] it is a lost film. ; The Garden of Weeds: This article about a silent drama film from the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Weed: Cursed is the ground because of you; through painful toil you will eat of it all the days of your life. It will produce thorns and thistles for you, and you will eat the plants of the field. By the sweat of your brow you will eat your food until you return to the ground.[14]
Knowledge1: Maling Kutang was directed by Rako Prijanto, best known for his comedies, and produced by Ody Mulya Hidayat of Maxima Pictures. The script was written by Raditya Dika, who had recently become popular after the success of his blog-turned-novel Kambing Jantan. A review of the film in The Jakarta Globe suggested that Dika had an "incongruous style of observational humour", which remained evident in Maling Kutang. Cinematography, which took less than a week, was handled by Rendra Yusworo, while editing was completed by Azis Natandra. Music was provided by Joseph S Djafar, with Yusuf A Patawari and Khikmawan Santosa on sound. The film starred Arie K. Untung, Indra Birowo, Deswita Maharani, and Kinaryosih, with minor roles played by actors including Fanny Fadillah and Nani Widjaja. In an interview, Kinaryosih – who had several years' experience working in comedies – stated that she had been told the title was Kutang Kutangkap (I Catch a Bra) during casting. The film's title is a play on Malin Kundang, a Minang folktale.  Maling Kutang (literally The Bra Thief) is a 2009 Indonesian comedy film directed by Rako Prijanto. Starring Arie K. Untung, Indra Birowo, Deswita Maharani, and Kinaryosih, it follows two neighbours who steal a bra they think is magical. It was released to mixed critical reception.  Maling Kutang was released on 1 October 2009, with a press screening at Jakarta Theater the day before. This was several weeks before Dika's Menculik Miyabi (Kidnapping Miyabi), starring AV idol Maria Ozawa, was scheduled to begin production. The film received a mixed reception. A review in The Jakarta Globe suggested that Maling Kutang was a "like a mere preview" for Menculik Miyabi. The reviewer praised several aspects of the film, including Untung's "Jim Carrey-esque" performance, and summarised that Maling Kutang was sufficient for "a few light laughs", but audiences might find it better to wait for Menculik Miyabi. A review on the entertainment website KapanLagi.com found the film better than its title suggested, with a clear plot and good performances by Birowo and Maharani, but considered the reliance on sexual innuendo to be poor form. Kartoyo DS, writing for Suara Karya, considered the comedy forced; he wrote that the film, unlike the Warkop comedies of the 1980s, did not produce any laughs. Maling Kutang  Maling Kutang (literally "The Bra Thief") is a 2009 Indonesian comedy film directed by Rako Prijanto. Starring Arie K. Untung, Indra Birowo, Deswita Maharani, and Kinaryosih, it follows two neighbours who steal a bra they think is magical. It was released to mixed critical reception. [sep] Knowledge2: Maling Kutang: Maling Kutang (literally The Bra Thief) is a 2009 Indonesian comedy film directed by Rako Prijanto. Starring Arie K. Untung, Indra Birowo, Deswita Maharani, and Kinaryosih, it follows two neighbours who steal a bra they think is magical. It was released to mixed critical reception. ; Maling Kutang: Syamsul (Indra Birowo) and his wife Yuyun (Deswita Maharani) run an unsuccessful grocery store and are looking for a way to compete with that run by the friendly Ina (Kinaryosih), which is always full. Meanwhile, Sugeni (Arie K. Utung) is a chocolate salesman who wears a gorilla costume while working. As he is unsuccessful, his grandmother (Nani Widjaja) tells him to work as a transvestite. When this fails, the upset Sugeni throws away his grandmother's polka dot bra which he is wearing. It lands in front of Ina's shop. Ina, awakened by the noise, goes outside moments after Sugeni flees. ; Maling Kutang: Yuyun, a strong believer in the supernatural, sees Ina pick up the bra and assumes that she is praying to it; she credits these prayers for Ina's successful business. She tells Syamsul to steal the bra, and the following night they sneak into Ina's home and take all of the bras there. Sugeni, meanwhile, is scolded by his grandmother for losing her bra and must find it. ; Maling Kutang: The theft becomes a national sensation after it is reported, leading Syamsul to have nightmares. He attempts to throw the bra off the balcony, but is stopped by Yuyun. As they are fighting, Sugeni passes by and sees the bra before they finish their argument. That night he sneaks into Yuyun and Syamsul's home, dressed as a demon, to take the bra, but must leave after he is spotted. The following day Syamsul and Yuyun call a dukun (shaman) to exorcise their home; the dukun is actually Sugeni in disguise, and he tells Syamsul to discard the bra. When Syamsul does this, the bra is caught on a passing odong-odong (carriage). Yuyun cries out that the driver has stolen her bra, and the villagers chase the odong-odong and begin beating the driver. Yuyun, meanwhile, steals the bra. ; Maling Kutang: Afraid that they will be caught, Syamsul and Yuyun begin trying various schemes to get rid of the bra. When they try to leave it in the woods, Sugeni (in his gorilla costume) follows them and tries to take it. However, two park rangers see him and – thinking he is a real gorilla – shoot him with tranquillisers. He stumbles through the woods and takes refuge in a truck, which is on the way to Syamsul and Yuyun's shop to deliver supplies. Bakrie (Ence Bagus), the driver, delivers the boxes and, unknowingly, the bra, to the store. When Syamsul and Yuyun discover the bra, they are shocked.
Knowledge1:  Party is a 1994 short film starring Gary Coleman, Floyd Harden, DeAnna Hawkins, Ron Litman and Greg Nassief. The film was directed by Eric Swelstad and produced by Johnnie J. Young of J&E Studio Productions, from a script by Jay Woelfel based on a story by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The film was shot in 1994 on location in Lucerne Valley in the Mojave Desert in California. [sep] Knowledge2: Party in the U.S.A.: A 90-second snippet was shown on September 23, 2009, on Dancing with the Stars.[62] Subsequently, that day, the video premiered online on ABC's Music Lounge.[62] Jocelyn Vena of MTV said, "The video is reminiscent of Cyrus' performance of the track on the Teen Choice Awards over the summer — minus the pole dancing."[62] According to a survey held by MTV, responses for the music video varied from populations who were "not feeling it" for various reasons to those who enjoyed "the video's energy and thought that the added bit of sexiness was a healthy progression for Cyrus."[63] At the Canadian 2010 MuchMusic Video Awards, which Cyrus hosted, the video won the MuchMusic Video Award for Best International Artist Video and was nominated for the MuchMusic Video Award for People's Choice: Favourite International Video, but lost to Adam Lambert's video for "Whataya Want from Me".[64]
Knowledge1:  Saturday Morning is a 2007 American comedy film written and directed by Rob Greenberg and starring Joey Piscopo, George Wendt, Valerie R. Feingold, Louis Mandylor, Ashley Carin, Victor Raider-Wexler, Beth Ostrosky, and Lillo Brancato, Jr. [sep] Knowledge2: Saturday Morning (2007 film): Saturday Morning is a 2007 American comedy film written and directed by Rob Greenberg and starring Joey Piscopo, George Wendt, Valerie R. Feingold, Louis Mandylor, Ashley Carin, Victor Raider-Wexler, Beth Ostrosky, and Lillo Brancato, Jr.
Knowledge1:  co-wrote the book for the 1974 musical Lorelei. It is her sole Broadway credit. Parent's greatest success has been in television, most notably with The Golden Girls and Tracey Ullman's sketch comedy series Tracey Takes On..., serving as a producer and writer for both. She also wrote episodes of The Smothers Brothers Show, The Carol Burnett Show, Rhoda, Steven Spielberg's Amazing Stories, Babes (of which she also served as series creator) and Finder of Lost Loves, and the musical variety special Sills and Burnett at the Met (1976). With Ann Marcus, she co-created the 1976-77 soap opera satire Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. With Kenny Solms, she created the 1970 situation comedy The Tim Conway Show. Parent is the winner of a CableACE Award and two Emmys, and has been nominated for an additional twelve Emmys and two Writers Guild of America Awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Mother and Child (2009 film): The film was met with generally positive reviews, with critics praising the standout performance of Annette Bening. It has a 78% approval rating based on 130 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.[7] The site's critics consensus reads, "Though it occasionally veers into unnecessary melodrama, Mother and Child benefits from a stellar cast and writer-director Rodrigo Garcia's finely detailed, bravely unsentimental script."[7] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 64, indicating "generally favorable reviews."[8]
Knowledge1:  Revelations is an American apocalyptic drama television miniseries created by David Seltzer and based on the Book of Revelation. The series follows two central characters, an astrophysicist (Bill Pullman) and a nun (Natascha McElhone), in a race against time to see if the end of the world can be averted. It also stars Michael Massee, Mark Rendall, Chelsey Coyle, Brittney Coyle, John Rhys-Davies, Orla Brady, Alexa Nikolas, Tobin Bell, Martin Starr, Fred Durst, and Caryn Green. [sep] Knowledge2: Revelations (Gene album): Revelations was met with mixed reviews from music critics. The Independent's Tim Perry said that even with a "slight revamp," Revelations was not "going to win many new fans, and unless you can tune into Martin Rossiter's often bleak world-view, this sounds very dated".[34] AllMusic reviewer Andy Kellman thought Rossiter's lyrics were "focused more on politics than heartbreak".[7] NME writer Johnny Cigarettes added that Rossiter's words were "more passionate, more angry, but somehow not as incisive as they have been".[10] Alex Wisgard of The Line of Best Fit wrote that it "merely stands as a too-little-too-late exercise in A&R led music for the masses". He disliked the "intentionally-rough production" that "actually comes close to making the album sound almost demo-like".[12] Kellman was surprised that Jones did not "add the graceful, rich luster" to it that he had to other releases from time period.[7] Reynolds though that while the "production choices may have stemmed from budgetary constraints, they serve their subjects well".[8]
Knowledge1: Home (2015 film)  Home is a 2015 American computer-animated science fiction comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Loosely based on Adam Rex's 2007 children's book "The True Meaning of Smekday", the film was directed by Tim Johnson from a screenplay by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember, and stars the voices of Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and Matt Jones. The story follows the shared adventures of a friendly alien who is shunned by the rest of his kind, and a teenage girl searching for her mother after they are separated during an invasion of Earth.  The film premiered at the Boulder International Film Festival on March 7, 2015, and was released in theaters on March 27, 2015.<ref name=Slate2016 /> "Home" was promoted with the release of a four-minute short film titled "Almost Home", which was shown in theaters before DreamWorks Animation's "Mr. Peabody & Sherman" and Blue Sky Studios' "Rio 2" in 2014. Rihanna created a concept album of the same name. The soundtrack also includes guest vocals from Jennifer Lopez, among others, and was supported by two singles, "Towards the Sun" and "Feel the Light". "Home" received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $386 million worldwide.  A traditionally animated was released on July 29, 2016, with the elements of its plot taking place after the events of the film. Of the original cast, only Matt Jones reprised his role for the series. [sep] Knowledge2: Home (2015 film): Home is a 2015 American animated science fiction comedy film[4] produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Loosely based on Adam Rex's 2007 children's book The True Meaning of Smekday, the film was directed by Tim Johnson from a screenplay by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember, and stars the voices of Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, and Matt Jones. The story follows the shared adventures of a friendly alien who is shunned by the rest of his kind, and a teenage girl searching for her mother after they are separated during an invasion of Earth.
Knowledge1:  The Test is a 1914 silent film short directed by and starring Wallace Reid and costarring Dorothy Davenport and Frank Lloyd, later a famous director. Allan Dwan wrote the scenario. It was produced at the Nestor Film Company and released through Universal Film Manufacturing Company. [sep] Knowledge2: Come with Us/The Test: US 12-inch single[5]
Knowledge1: Me First is the first album by indie band The Elected, released in 2004 via Sub Pop. It is a mix between indie and country. [sep] Knowledge2: Me!: He lands on the roof of a building with a unicorn-shaped eave, where Swift is seen sitting at the edge in a pink dress that turns into a waterfall. This is where the Lover sign is spotted. Urie then tries and fails to win Swift over with classic and banal items such as a bouquet of flowers and a ring. He then awes her by presenting a cat, which Taylor later adopted as her third pet and named Benjamin Button. The camera cuts to Urie opening his heart, which is revealed to be a kaleidoscope. Swift has revealed on an Instagram livestream that this is a reference to her 2014 song "Welcome to New York", where she sings "kaleidoscope of loud heartbeats under coats".[65] Urie and Swift then sing on a heart-shaped pinkish-orange stage, joined with a band of angels and go-go dancers wearing 1960s mod style clothing. As the bridge plays, Swift and Urie don blue marching band uniforms and dance with a group of dancers in the same attire, but pink. The video then cuts to a scene of the duo dancing on a floating window with a psychedelic-esque background. The last scene then depicts Swift in a blue attire that melts into what seems to be liquid bubblegum while a running Urie summons the same rain-like pastel liquid around the street. The video ends with the duo entering the same apartment building with an umbrella as the bubblegum rain continues on the street in the night.
Knowledge1:  Released 16 November 1998 [sep] Knowledge2: Shine (film): Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical psychological drama film based on the life of David Helfgott, a pianist who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions. ; Shine (film): The film stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood, and Alex Rafalowicz. The film was directed by Scott Hicks. The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi. ; Shine (film): A young man wanders through a heavy rainstorm, finding his way into a nearby restaurant. The restaurant's employees try to determine if he needs help. Despite his manic mode of speech being difficult to understand, a waitress, Sylvia, learns that his name is David Helfgott and that he is staying at a local hotel. Sylvia returns him to the hotel, and despite his attempts to engage her with his musical knowledge and ownership of various musical scores, she leaves. ; Shine (film): As a child, David is growing up in suburban Adelaide, South Australia and competing in the musical competition of a local Eisteddfod. Helfgott has been taught to play by his father, Peter, who is obsessed with winning and has no tolerance for imperfection, dishonour and disobedience. While playing at the Eisteddfod, David is noticed by Mr. Rosen, a local piano teacher who, after initial resistance from Peter, takes over David's musical instruction. ; Shine (film): As a teenager, David wins the state musical championship and is invited by concert violinist Isaac Stern to study in United States. Plans are made to raise money to send David off to America. Initially, his family is supportive, but then Peter forbids David to leave, thinking his absence would destroy the family. To make matters worse, Peter begins physically and mentally abusing David, which causes strain to the rest of the family.
Knowledge1: Trains of Winnipeg  Trains of Winnipeg is a film and multimedia art project by Clive Holden, released in stages between 2001 and 2004. The final project included a series of 14 short films, designed as visual representations of Holden's poetry, as well as a soundtrack CD and a book.  The short films were scored by Emily Goodden, Christine Fellows, Jason Tait and Steve Bates; additional contributors on the CD included John K. Samson and Leanne Zacharias, as well as an archival recording of Al Purdy.  The film series won the New Vision Award at the 2005 Copenhagen International Documentary Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Duluth, Winnipeg and Pacific Railway: The mid-1990s also saw a major change in how US subsidiaries like DWP and GT fit into CN's corporate structure whereby in 1993–1994, CN changed the name of its entire system to "CN North America" (CNNA) and began a major locomotive and freight car repainting program which saw the GT and DWP logos and names disappear, with only the holding company "Grand Trunk Corporation" remaining on paper and legal documents.  In 1995, the CNNA experiment ended and the name "Canadian National/Canadien National" with the CN acronym returned, only system-wide in both countries.  On November 28, 1995, Canada's federal government privatized CN and its US subsidiaries.
Knowledge1: Christopher Lloyd (TV producer)  Christopher Lloyd (born June 18, 1960) is an American television producer and screenwriter. Lloyd is the co-creator and executive producer of the ABC mockumentary family sitcom "Modern Family", which he co-created and produced with Steven Levitan. Lloyd has had an extensive career on many series, primarily "Frasier".  Lloyd has won 12 Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on "Modern Family" and "Frasier". He holds the record for Primetime Emmy awards as either a comedy or drama series producer. [sep] Knowledge2: The Family (2013 film): Rotten Tomatoes shows that 29% of 127 reviews rated it positively; the average rating is 4.6/10. The site's consensus is: "Luc Besson's The Family suffers from an overly familiar setup and a number of jarring tonal shifts."[21] Another review aggregator, Metacritic, which assigns a rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated a score of 42 based on 32 reviews.[22]
Knowledge1: The Easiest Way is a 1931 American pre-Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway. Adapted from the 1909 play of the same name written by Eugene Walter and directed by David Belasco, the film stars Constance Bennett, Adolphe Menjou, Robert Montgomery, Marjorie Rambeau, Anita Page, and Clark Gable  Warner Archive Collection released the first Region 1 DVD on March 10, 2010. The Easiest Way  The Easiest Way is a 1931 American pre-Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway. Adapted from the 1909 play of the same name written by Eugene Walter and directed by David Belasco, the film stars Constance Bennett, Adolphe Menjou, Robert Montgomery, Marjorie Rambeau, Anita Page, and Clark Gable The Easiest Way (1917 film)  The Easiest Way is a 1917 American silent film starring Clara Kimball Young and directed by Albert Capellani. It is based on a 1909 play, "The Easiest Way" by Eugene Walter, staged by David Belasco and starred Frances Starr as Laura Murdock. Belasco and Starr revived the play in 1921. It is not known whether the film currently survives.  Actor Joseph Kilgour reprises his role as Brockton from the Broadway play. [sep] Knowledge2: The Easiest Way: Growing up in a poor working-class family, Laura works hard to support her family. Laura's father, Ben encourages his other daughter Peg to marry a hard-working man named Nick. Laura rejects a marriage proposal from the boy-next-door to become involved with William Brockton a wealthy man many years her senior whom she met at a modeling job. She allows him to shower her with expensive gifts and moves into his luxury apartment. ; The Easiest Way: Sometime later, while vacationing in Colorado, she meets and falls in love with young newsman Jack Madison. After a brief affair, and pledging their fidelity to one another, Jack is stationed in Argentina for several months, as Laura promises him that she will leave Brockton. She breaks the news to Brockton, returns all of his gifts, leaves his apartment, and takes a job at Macy's department store. ; The Easiest Way: Laura, finds work at Macy's but is so financially strapped, she can't pay her rent.  She unsuccessfully asks one of her former colleagues Elfie St. Clair for a loan. Laura can't return to her room unless her rent is paid.  She takes "The Easiest Way", and calls Brockton, asking for a loan.  Brockton refuses and tells her he will only cooperate if she comes back to him on condition that she inform Jack of her decision.  She promises Brockton that she will, but deceives him by not telling Jack.  Jack returns to New York, phones Laura immediately and Laura invites him to her swank apartment. ; The Easiest Way: Meanwhile, Elfie pops in on Laura to ask for money.  Desperate, Laura listens to Elfie, who advises her to leave Brockton and marry Jack, but under no circumstances tell Jack of her current set up.  Laura agrees.  But her plans to elope with Jack are cut short when Brockton unexpectedly shows up. Brockton, noticing Laura's packed bags, informs Jack of what happened during his absence. Laura tries to explain the situation, but Jack, furious that Laura had broken her promise of fidelity to him, leaves. Despite Brockton's offer to continue to care for her, Laura, leaves heart broken.   Traveling to her sister's home, her brother-in-law invites her in. Nick, seeing that Laura had returned to her beginnings, comforts her with the promise that Madison will return when he gets "cool under the collar." ; The Easiest Way: In the scene where Jack and Laura are horseback riding in the (ostensibly) Colorado mountains, he has them dismount so he can show her his "pet view"; actually, the famous eastward looking view of El Capitan and Half Dome in Yosemite National Park.
Knowledge1: Starring Forest Whitaker, Mickey Rourke, and Adriana Lima ; Directed by Wong Kar-wai ; Written by Andrew Kevin Walker ; Featured the BMW 328i Coupé and the Z3 roadster The Driver is hired by a nervous manager to spy on a paranoid actor's wife. The Driver narrates while following the wife, describing the right methods to survey someone, as well as his fear of what he might learn of the wife's tragic life. He eventually discovers the wife is fleeing the country to return to her mother in Brazil, and that she's been given a black eye—likely by her husband. He returns the money for the job, refusing to tell the manager where the wife is, and tells the manager to never call him again before driving off. [sep] Knowledge2: Film crew: The special effects department oversees the mechanical effects (also called physical or practical effects) that create optical illusions during live-action shooting. It is not to be confused with the visual effects department, which adds photographic effects during filming to be altered later during video editing in the post-production process.
Knowledge1:  Released 16 November 1998 [sep] Knowledge2: Shine (film): Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical psychological drama film based on the life of David Helfgott, a pianist who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions. ; Shine (film): The film stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood, and Alex Rafalowicz. The film was directed by Scott Hicks. The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi. ; Shine (film): A young man wanders through a heavy rainstorm, finding his way into a nearby restaurant. The restaurant's employees try to determine if he needs help. Despite his manic mode of speech being difficult to understand, a waitress, Sylvia, learns that his name is David Helfgott and that he is staying at a local hotel. Sylvia returns him to the hotel, and despite his attempts to engage her with his musical knowledge and ownership of various musical scores, she leaves. ; Shine (film): As a child, David is growing up in suburban Adelaide, South Australia and competing in the musical competition of a local Eisteddfod. Helfgott has been taught to play by his father, Peter, who is obsessed with winning and has no tolerance for imperfection, dishonour and disobedience. While playing at the Eisteddfod, David is noticed by Mr. Rosen, a local piano teacher who, after initial resistance from Peter, takes over David's musical instruction. ; Shine (film): As a teenager, David wins the state musical championship and is invited by concert violinist Isaac Stern to study in United States. Plans are made to raise money to send David off to America. Initially, his family is supportive, but then Peter forbids David to leave, thinking his absence would destroy the family. To make matters worse, Peter begins physically and mentally abusing David, which causes strain to the rest of the family.
Knowledge1: De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland  is a 1942 Dutch film directed by Ernst Winar. De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland [sep] Knowledge2: De laatste dagen van een eiland: De laatste dagen van een eiland is een Nederlandse film uit 1942 in zwart wit en geluid. De film werd gebaseerd op het verhaal Aan dood water van Klaas Norel. ; De laatste dagen van een eiland: De film werd in 1938 al opgenomen en in besloten kring vertoond op 16 december van datzelfde jaar, maar in 1942 publiekelijk, waarschijnlijk omdat er maar weinig films werden goedgekeurd door de Duitse bezetters. Het was de tweede film die werd geproduceerd door de Nederlandse Christelijke film centrale die tijdens de oorlog alweer werd opgedoekt. ; De laatste dagen van een eiland: 1896-1909 · 1910-19 · 1920-29 · 1930-39 · 1940-49 · 1950-59 · 1960-69 · 1970-79 · 1980-89 · 1990-99 · 2000-09 · 2010-19 · 2020-29 ; De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland:  De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland  is a 1942 Dutch film directed by Ernst Winar. ; De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland: This article related to a Dutch film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: City of Beautiful Nonsense is a 1935 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Emlyn Williams, Sophie Stewart and Eve Lister. The film is based on the best-selling 1909 novel of the same name by E. Temple Thurston, which had previously been filmed as a silent by Henry Edwards in 1919. The plot deals with a young woman who is in love with a penniless composer, but believes she must marry a wealthy man to please her father and only realises after various tribulations that she should follow her heart rather than her head.  City of Beautiful Nonsense is a 1919 British silent film drama directed by Henry Edwards, who also starred in the film with Chrissie White. The film is based on the best-selling 1909 novel of the same name by E. Temple Thurston and is a tale of a woman intending to marry for financial gain and security, who realises at the last minute that to be true to herself and to have the prospect of a happy future she must instead marry for love. A sound version of the same story was made in 1935 by Adrian Brunel. The film appears to have been well received and popular with audiences and has been described as "the most talked about British film of 1919" and "technically on a par with the current Hollywood imports". A contemporary review in The Bioscope admired Edwards' "poetic embellishments" and "symbolistic touches". Henry Edwards as John Grey ; Chrissie White as Jill Dealtry ; Henry Vibart as Thomas Grey ; Gwynne Herbert as Mrs. Grey ; James Lindsay as Skipworth ; Douglas Munro as Chesterton ; Stephen Ewart as Mr. Dealtry ; Teddy Taylor as Tommy Dealtry  Emlyn Williams as Jack Grey ; Sophie Stewart as Jill Dealtry ; Eve Lister as Amber ; George Carney as Chesterton ; Marie Wright as Dorothy Grey ; Eric Maturin as Robert Downing ; J. Fisher White as Thomas Grey ; Daisy Dormer as Mrs. Deakin ; Hubert Harben as Mr. Dealtry ; Margaret Damer as Mrs. Dealtry ; Dorothy Vernon as Mrs. Rowse  City of Beautiful Nonsense (1935 film)  City of Beautiful Nonsense is a 1935 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Emlyn Williams, Sophie Stewart and Eve Lister. The film is based on the best-selling 1909 novel of the same name by E. Temple Thurston, which had previously been filmed as a silent by Henry Edwards in 1919. The plot deals with a young woman who is in love with a penniless composer, but believes she must marry a wealthy man to please her father and only realises after various tribulations that she should follow her heart rather than her head. [sep] Knowledge2: Adrian Brunel: In an assessment of Brunel's significance in British cinema history, Geoff Brown concludes: "...(his) career was clearly not what it might have been, and the apparent absence of surviving copies of many of his talkies makes a thorough re-evaluation of his work difficult. But the burlesque comedies alone give him a distinctive place in British cinema history as a satirical jester, and a key player in the film industry's uneasy war between art and commerce."[4]
Knowledge1: In May 1937, Miriam Hopkins and Kay Francis were originally announced as female stars. In December 1937 Warners announced the film would be made the following year from a script by Milton Krims. In April 1938 Irene Dunne was announced for the lead. By this stage Anatole Litvak was attached to direct and Kane Bryan was to play one of the sisters. Then in May, Warners said that Dunne had been replaced by Bette Davis. Following Jezebel, Bette Davis was dismayed to be assigned to Comet Over Broadway, a melodrama in which she would portray a Broadway actress who sacrifices her career to care for her ne'er-do-well husband when he [sep] Knowledge2: The Sisters (1938 film): The Sisters is a 1938 American drama film produced and directed by Anatole Litvak and starring Errol Flynn and Bette Davis. The screenplay by Milton Krims is based on the 1937 novel of the same title by Myron Brinig. ; The Sisters (1938 film): At a ball held on the night of the 1904 presidential election, serious Louise, frivolous Helen, and stolid Grace, daughters of Silver Bow, Montana pharmacist Ned Elliott and his wife Rose, find themselves dealing with romantic prospects. Tom Knivel is about to propose to Louise when Frank Medlin, a San Francisco sports reporter, asks her to dance. Infatuated with the young woman, Frank extends his stay, and at Sunday dinner in the Elliott home he announces he and Louise plan to wed. Although her parents disapprove of the union, Louise leaves for San Francisco with Frank that night. Grace eventually marries the jilted Tom and Helen weds wealthy Sam Johnson, who promises her freedom and asks for nothing in return. ; The Sisters (1938 film): "Oh dear, how many films I have been in that have suffered by the change by the studio of the ending," Davis later lamented. "Certainly the original ending of The Sisters was the right one."[9] ; The Sisters (1938 film): In his score, Max Steiner interpolated the folk ballad "Oh My Darling, Clementine" in the scenes set in Silver Bow.[9] ; The Sisters (1938 film): Variety called the film "a virtual cavalcade of early 20th-century American history" and added, "Davis turns in one of her most scintillating performances. Flynn's happy-go-lucky reporter is a vivid portrayal although his slight English accent seems incongruous."[18]
Knowledge1: Those Who Love is a 1929 British drama film directed by H. Manning Haynes and starring Adele Blanche, William Freshman and Carol Goodner. It was based on the novel Mary Was Love by Guy Fletcher. Anna Neagle made her debut in the film, playing a small part.  Those Who Love is a 1926 silent film, produced in Australia, about the son of a knight who falls in love with a dancer. Only part of the film survives today and it is held by the National Film and Sound Archive.  Those We Love is a 1932 American pre-Code film directed by Robert Florey. It was adapted by F. Hugh Herbert from the play by George Abbott and S.K. Lauren. The film was independently produced and distributed. [sep] Knowledge2: Those Who Love (1929 film):  Those Who Love is a 1929 British sound part-talkie drama film directed by H. Manning Haynes and starring Adele Blanche, William Freshman and Carol Goodner.[1] The film was promoted as having two full reels of synchronized dialogue or talking sequences. In addition to the talking sequences, the film also featured a synchronized musical score with sound effects and English intertitles. The film was based on the novel Mary Was Love by Guy Fletcher. Anna Neagle made her debut in the film, playing a small part. ; Those Who Love (1926 film): The McDonaghs originally hired P. J. Ramster to direct but were unhappy with his work and replaced him with Paulette.[2] The interiors were shot mostly at the home in Drummoyne, with additional scenes filmed at the Bondi studios of Australasian Films and exteriors done around Sydney.[5]
Knowledge1: Chang Tso-chi  Chang Tso-chi (; born 26 December 1961) is a Taiwanese film director. His 2002 film "The Best Of Times" was entered into the 59th Venice International Film Festival. His films won Golden Horse Award for Best Feature Film two times, for "The Best of Times" (2002) and "" (2010).  Chang was arrested and charged with rape in Taiwan in May 2013. He was found guilty in June 2014, was sentenced to 3 years and 10 months in prison. He was released on parole on August 17, 2017. He served a total of 2 years, 4 months and 7 days in prison. [sep] Knowledge2: Chi Muoi Lo: Interested in pursuing acting as a profession, Lo entered the Philadelphia High School for the Creative and Performing Arts as a drama major.[4] He also attended the Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Arts, and Dr. Glory's Children's Theater in New York.[2] At Temple University, he was a theater major for one year before accepting a full scholarship from San Francisco's American Conservatory Theater.[4]
Knowledge1: The Happy Family is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Stanley Holloway, Kathleen Harrison and Naunton Wayne. The plot of the film centres on resistance by a family to the disruption caused by the construction of the Festival of Britain. It is also known in the U.S. by the alternative title Mr. Lord Says No. It was an adaptation of a play The Happy Family by Michael Clayton Hutton. [sep] Knowledge2: The Happy Family (1952 film): The Happy Family is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Muriel Box and starring Stanley Holloway, Kathleen Harrison and Naunton Wayne.[1] The plot of the film centres on resistance by a family to the disruption caused by the construction of the Festival of Britain. It is also known in the U.S. by the alternative title Mr. Lord Says No. It was an adaptation of a play The Happy Family by Michael Clayton Hutton.[2] ; The Happy Family (1952 film): In The New York Times, Bosley Crowther called the film "minor whimsy...penned by that usually clever couple, Muriel and Sydney Box, and played by a cast of character actors who are among the best in the land...But the farce collapses painfully upon them long before the end, and what humor there is sounds so parochial that it belongs in earshot of Waterloo Road or, at most, beyond the range of the clumsily and tediously ridiculed B.B.C." [4] whereas, in a later review in the Radio Times, Sue Heal described the film as "an innocent, gentle lark, harking back to an infinitely preferable if somewhat mythically rosy era when officialdom was bumptious but owlishly benign, and the "Great Unwashed" behaved like a troupe of good-hearted medieval tumblers. Watch out for a youthful George Cole."[5]
Knowledge1: The Only Woman is a 1924 American silent drama film produced by Joseph M. Schenck for Norma Talmadge Productions and distributed by First National. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Norma Talmadge as the leading woman. [sep] Knowledge2: The Only Woman: The Only Woman is a 1924 American silent drama film produced by Joseph M. Schenck for Norma Talmadge Productions and distributed by First National. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Norma Talmadge as the leading woman.[1]
Knowledge1:  The Gamble (originally titled La partita) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina. It was shot in Rome and Venice. The film is based on the novel with the same name written by Alberto Ongaro. It was generally panned by critics. [sep] Knowledge2: The Gamble (1988 film): The Gamble (originally titled: La partita) is a 1988 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina.[1]  It was shot in Rome and Venice.[2] The film is based on the novel with the same name written by Alberto Ongaro.[3] It was generally panned by critics.[4]
Knowledge1:  In 2010, as Senior Year was being made, the ABS CBN News Channel tapped Tarog to be part of AmBisyon 2010, a series in which directors would use short films to narratively present the various problems that would face whoever won the Presidency in the Philippine Presidential Election of 2010. Tarog's entry, covering the area of "education", was the short film "Faculty", subtitled "A prequel to Senior Year." The Ms. Joan character from Senior Year makes her first appearance in this short, which explains why the character, who used to be a College teacher, had become a high school teacher by the time she was shown in Senior Year. Faculty became a viral hit on various social networks, and the popularity of the short film became part of the marketing for its longer, more fleshed-out sequel. Senior Year (2022 film)  Senior Year is a 2022 American comedy film directed by Alex Hardcastle (in his feature film directorial debut) from a screenplay by Andrew Knauer, Arthur Pielli, and Brandon Scott Jones. The film stars Rebel Wilson (who also produced) as a 37-year-old woman who awakens from a 20-year coma and decides to go back to high school to earn her diploma. Sam Richardson, Zoë Chao, Mary Holland, Justin Hartley, Chris Parnell, Angourie Rice, Michael Cimino, Jeremy Ray Taylor, Jones, and Alicia Silverstone also star. The film was released on May 13, 2022, by Netflix, and was the No.1 Netflix Global movie for two weeks in a row and remained in the Netflix Top 10 movie for six weeks, accumulating over 167,600,000 hours of viewership during this time. Senior Year (2010 film)  Senior Year is a 2010 Philippine coming-of-age film written, scored, edited and directed by Jerrold Tarog. It follows ten students of a private Catholic school in Manila, as they go through the many transitions that come with their final year in high school. [sep] Knowledge2:  Senior Year :        Senior Year   Directed by Alex Hardcastle   Produced by Todd GarnerRebel WilsonTimothy M. BourneChris Bender   Written by Andrew KnauerArthur PielliBrandon Scott Jones   Starring Rebel WilsonMary HollandSam RichardsonZoë ChaoJustin HartleyChris Parnell   Music by Jermaine Stegall   Cinematography by Marco Fargnoli   Editor(s) Sarah Lucky   Studio(s) Paramount PicturesParamount Players[1]Broken Road ProductionsCamp Sugar   Distributor NetflixParamount Home Entertainment (Co-distribution)   Released May 13, 2022   Runtime 111 minutes   Language English     External links   Official website IMDb page     Source  Senior Year is a 2022 American comedy film directed by Alex Hardcastle in his feature film directorial debut from a screenplay by Andrew Knauer, Arthur Pielli, and Brandon Scott Jones.[2][3] The film stars Rebel Wilson (who also produced) as a 37-year-old woman who awakens from a 20-year coma and decides to go back to high school to earn her diploma. His teenage version is played by Angourie Rice. Mary Holland, Sam Richardson, Zoë Chao, Justin Hartley and Chris Parnell also star. The film was released on May 13, 2022, by Netflix.[4] ;  Senior Year : In 1999, after a disastrous birthday party at the local "cool" spot, Rock N' Bowl, with her friends Seth and Martha, 14-year-old Australian immigrant Stephanie Conway decides to become one of "the populars". She spends the next few years giving herself a makeover, becoming cheer squad captain, dating popular boy Blaine, and becoming one of the most popular girls by senior year. ;  Senior Year : In 2002, Stephanie plans to win prom queen in hopes of becoming like Deanna Russo, an alumna of her high school who got married after graduation, and now lives in a mansion. She lives with her widowed father and is still friends with Martha and Seth, who secretly has a crush on her. Stephanie regularly argues over prom preparations with Blaine's ex-girlfriend Tiffany, who fears Stephanie might win the prom queen title. At a cheer performance, Tiffany convinces friends to sabotage Stephanie's landing, putting her into a coma. ;  Senior Year : In 2022 Stephanie, now 37, wakes from the coma. Her father and Martha, now principal and cheerleading coach at Harding High, take her home. On the way, stopping at Deanna Russo's old house, Stephanie sees the now-married Tiffany and Blaine reside there.  ;  Senior Year : With reluctant support from her father and Martha, Stephanie goes back to finish her senior year. There she discovers Seth is now the librarian, and the positions of prom king and queen have been abolished. Additionally, Tiffany and Blaine's daughter Bri is the most popular girl at school with a huge social media following. Cheerleaders are no longer the popular students and perform bland, sanitized routines with no dancing.
Knowledge1: Victory (2009 film)  Victory is a 2009 Indian cricket-based sports film starring Harman Baweja, Amrita Rao and Anupam Kher. It is Harman Baweja's second release after his debut film "Love Story 2050", which performed very badly at the box office. The movie was filmed in Australia and India. "Victory" tells the story of a struggling cricketer who defies all odds to realise an almost impossible dream. [sep] Knowledge2: Victory (1996 film): Victory is a 1996 French-German drama suspense film written and directed by Mark Peploe and starring Willem Dafoe, Irène Jacob, Sam Neill and Rufus Sewell. It is based on the 1915 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad.[1] ; Victory (1996 film): The principal photography of the movie were done at Situbondo and Asembagus regency in East Java, Indonesia. Some depiction of old Surabaya were also done in the same place.[citation needed] ; Victory (1940 film): Victory is a 1940 American adventure film directed by John Cromwell and starring Fredric March, Cedric Hardwicke and Betty Field. It was based on the popular 1915 novel by Joseph Conrad. On the eve of the American entry into World War II, Conrad's story of a hermit on an island invaded by thugs was refashioned into a call for intervention in the war in Europe at the height of American isolationism. ; Victory (1940 film): Harrison's Reports called the film "[a] strong but somewhat sordid drama, suitable only for adults. The direction is skillful, the acting realistic, and the production values good; but the story is somewhat brutal."[16] ; Victory (1940 film): John Mosher of The New Yorker called the film "definitely expert, with a proper allotment of excitement and atmosphere," although he found the later scenes "too bald" in their simplification of the novel.[18]
Knowledge1: Me First (Primero yo) is a 1964 Argentine drama film directed by Fernando Ayala, and written by Héctor Olivera and Luis Pico Estrada. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Alexander Payne: In the 1960s, Payne's father received a Super 8mm projector from Kraft Foods as a loyalty reward,[1][15] and eventually passed it on to his son when Alexander was about 14 years old.[13][16][17]
Knowledge1: James Burrows  James Edward Burrows (born December 30, 1940), sometimes known as Jim "Jimmy" Burrows, is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s. Burrows has directed over 50 television pilots and co-created the long-running television series "Cheers". He has also formed 3 Sisters Entertainment, a joint venture with NBC that is known for "Will & Grace" as well as the CBS Productions show "Caroline in the City".  In 2016, Burrows directed his 1,000th TV episode, on NBC's "Crowded". [sep] Knowledge2: William A. Wellman: During the filming of Beggars of Life (1928), a silent film starring Wallace Beery, Richard Arlen and Louise Brooks, sound was added to Beery's introductory scene at the behest of Paramount Studio. Wellman reportedly hung a microphone from a broom so Beery could walk and talk within the scene, avoiding the static shot required for early sound shoots.[15] During the filming of Chinatown Nights (1929), he sat under the camera on a dolly with the mic between his legs, essentially inventing a shotgun mic.[19]
Knowledge1:  La renzoni is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger. La renzoni  La renzoni is a 1916 Dutch silent drama film directed by Maurits Binger. [sep] Knowledge2: La Renzoni: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les conventions filmographiques.
Knowledge1: Jesus (1979 film)  Jesus (also known as The Jesus Film) is a 1979 American Biblical drama film directed by Peter Sykes and John Krish, and produced by John Heyman. In "Jesus", the life of Jesus Christ is depicted, primarily using the Gospel of Luke as the main basis for the story. A voice-over narration is featured sporadically throughout the film, providing background information on characters and events.<ref name="AFI CATALOG OF FEATURE FILMS"/>  Shot on location in Israel, the film was financed primarily by Campus Crusade for Christ with a budget of $6 million, and was released without production or cast credits, as producer John Heyman declared that the creators of this picture were “simply being translators” of the New Testament's Gospel of Luke, “so nobody will know who produced or directed the film.” The end of the film states that the Good News Bible (Today's English Version) was used during filming, and instead of telling a parallel story or embellishing the Biblical account like other Biblical films, the filmmakers chose to adhere to the Gospel of Luke as closely as possible.  "Jesus" is sometimes described as the most-watched motion picture of all time, in addition to being the most translated film of all time. [sep] Knowledge2: Messiah: Though Islam shares many of the beliefs and characteristics of the two Semitic/Abrahamic/monotheistic religions which preceded it, the idea of messianism, which is of central importance in Judaism and Christianity, is alien to Islam as represented by the Qur'an.[43]
Knowledge1:  “Homecoming” is the pilot episode of the ABC television series Miss Guided. It was the series premiere of the show, and was written by Caroline Williams and directed by Todd Holland It aired March 18, 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Homecoming (2023 film): Homecoming (French: Le Retour) is a 2023 French drama film co-written and directed by Catherine Corsini.
Knowledge1: Thank You, Madame (German title:Opernring) is a 1936 Austrian musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jan Kiepura, Friedl Czepa and Luli Deste. It is also known by the alternative title In the Sunshine (Im Sonnenschein). The film's sets were designed by Julius von Borsody. Thank You, Madame  Thank You, Madame (German title:Opernring) is a 1936 Austrian musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jan Kiepura, Friedl Czepa and Luli Deste. It is also known by the alternative title In the Sunshine (Im Sonnenschein). The film's sets were designed by Julius von Borsody. [sep] Knowledge2: Thank You, Madame: Thank You, Madame (German title:Opernring) is a 1936 Austrian musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jan Kiepura, Friedl Czepa and Luli Deste.[1] It is also known by the alternative title In the Sunshine (Im Sonnenschein). The film's sets were designed by Julius von Borsody. ; Thank You, Madame: This article related to an Austrian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Thank You, Madame: This article about a musical film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Marcel Varnel: He died on 13 July 1947 in a car crash near Rake, West Sussex.
Knowledge1: All The Way Up is a 1970 British comedy film directed by James MacTaggart based on Semi-Detached, a 1962 play by Midlands dramatist David Turner. It stars Warren Mitchell, Pat Heywood, Kenneth Cranham, Richard Briers, Adrienne Posta and Elaine Taylor. The film is rated M in New Zealand for sex scenes and sexual references.  A social climbing father uses everything from poison pen letters to blackmail in order to gain promotion and wealth for his children through marriages. Warren Mitchell - Fred Midway ; Pat Heywood - Hilda Midway ; Elaine Taylor - Eileen Midway ; Kenneth Cranham - Tom Midway ; Vanessa Howard - Avril Hadfield ; Richard Briers - Nigel Hadfield ; Adrienne Posta - Daphne Dunmore ; Bill Fraser - Arnold Makepiece ; Terence Alexander - Bob Chickman ; Maggie Rennie - Mrs. Chickman ; Frank Thornton - Mr. Driver  All the Way Up (film)  All The Way Up is a 1970 British comedy film directed by James MacTaggart based on "Semi-Detached", a 1962 play by Midlands dramatist David Turner. It stars Warren Mitchell, Pat Heywood, Kenneth Cranham, Richard Briers, Adrienne Posta and Elaine Taylor. [sep] Knowledge2: All the Way Up (film): All The Way Up is a 1970 British comedy film directed by James MacTaggart based on Semi-Detached, a 1962 play by Midlands dramatist David Turner.[2] It stars Warren Mitchell, Pat Heywood, Kenneth Cranham, Richard Briers, Adrienne Posta and Elaine Taylor.[3] ; All the Way Up (film): It was the sole feature film directorial credit from James MacTaggart, one of the leading drama directors in British television.[4] ; All the Way Up (film): The title song was performed by Liverpool group The Scaffold.[5] ; All the Way Up (film): A social climbing father uses everything from poison pen letters to blackmail in order to gain promotion and wealth for his children through marriages. ; All the Way Up (film): In November 1969 Nat Cohen announced the film as part of his production slate of 13 films over 18 months for Anglo Amalgamated, who were then owned by EMI. The film was a co production with Granada Films, a subsidiary of Granada Television.[8]
Knowledge1: Zonnetje is a 1919 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger. [sep] Knowledge2: Zonnetje:  Zonnetje is a 1919 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger. ; Zonnetje: This article related to a Dutch silent film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Zonnetje:  Zonnetje is a 1919 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.
Knowledge1:  Aybar served as director of the state of Florida's Latin American and Caribbean Basin Scholarship Program. He subsequently worked at the James F. Byrnes International Center at the University of South Carolina. Later, at Colorado Mountain College (CMC), he served as dean of the Vail/Eagle Valley campus. In addition to his administrative work at CMC, he led a great books discussion group for local residents. Aybar joined the administration of the City Colleges of Chicago in 2003, after completing his contract at CMC. From late 2003 to 2009, he served as Associate Vice Chancellor for Arts and Sciences. In this capacity he became the first in the City Colleges system to receive the "Administrator of the Year" award in 2004. Aybar was appointed president of Daley College in August 2009, [sep] Knowledge2: Rector (academia): In a few "Crown lands" of the Austrian Empire, one seat in the Landtag (regional legislature of semi-feudal type) was reserved for the rector of the capital's university, notably: Graz in Steiermark (Styria), Innsbruck in Tirol, Wien (Vienna) in Nieder-Österreich (Lower Austria); in Bohemia, two Rectors had seats in the equivalent Landesvertretung.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Practical Jokers is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 174th Our Gang short (175th episode, 86th talking short, 87th talking episode, and sixth MGM produced episode) that was released. Darla Hood as Darla ; Eugene Lee as Porky ; George McFarland as Spanky ; Carl Switzer as Alfalfa ; Billie Thomas as Buckwheat   "The Practical Joker" is the third episode of the second season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek, the 19th episode overall. It first aired in the NBC Saturday morning lineup on September 21, 1974, and was written by American television writers Chuck Menville and Len Janson who together also wrote the first season episode "Once Upon a Planet". The "Rec Room" in this episode is the forerunner of the Holodeck, which plays a significant part in numerous episodes of the subsequent spin-off Star Trek series. Set in the 23rd century, the series follows the adventures of Captain James T. Kirk (voiced by William Shatner) and the crew of the Starfleet starship Enterprise. In this episode, after the Enterprise passes through an unusual cloud the ship's computer starts playing practical jokes on the crew. [sep] Knowledge2: Impractical Jokers: A typical episode is a series of competitive games of dares in which each cast member, or "joker", receives either a thumbs up or thumbs down for his performance. At the climax, the joker who tallied the most thumbs down is the loser and is thereby subjected to a "punishment" (usually involves public embarrassment). The games are contrived scenarios in which one joker is challenged to embarrass himself by engaging with unwitting members of the general public, receiving commands from the other jokers who are orchestrating and surveying the bizarre scenario from behind the scenes with covert surveillance equipment. The most common premise is that a joker will immediately lose a challenge if he refuses to follow any instructions given by the other three. Some games involve all four jokers competing at once to be the first to reach a stated goal. ; Impractical Jokers: While it has been compared to earlier hit prank shows such as Candid Camera and Jackass, critics have offered praise for its unique twist on the genre, wherein the stars' reactions to the pranks are often equally as humorous as those of the innocent bystanders. Neil Genzlinger of The New York Times stated that "the gag pays off twice: once in the reaction of the unsuspecting passer-by, once in the discomfort of the fellow doing the asking." He later wrote that the cast-members' occasional integrity "[kept] these four clowns a little bit lovable."[39] Dean Robbins of The Daily Page echoed this sentiment, stating that "the friends are jovial rather than Jackass-obnoxious, even rejecting some dares as too offensive."[40] ; Practical Jokers: Practical Jokers is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney.  It was the 174th Our Gang short (175th episode, 86th talking short, 87th talking episode, and sixth MGM produced episode) that was released. ; Practical Jokers: Hoping to get even for all the practical jokes perpetrated by neighborhood troublemaker Butch, the Gang plans to sabotage Butch's birthday party. The weapon of choice is a firecracker, which is substituted for one of the birthday candles. Unfortunately, the kids in general and Alfalfa in particular are unable to escape from the party before the big (and tasty) explosion.[1] ; Practical Jokers: This article related to a short comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The Tree is a 1969 American film that was written, produced, and directed, by Robert Guenette. A psychological drama revolving around the kidnapping of a young child, the film stars Jordan Christopher, Eileen Heckart, Alan Landers, Gale Dixon, James Broderick, Kathy Ryan, Ruth Ford, and George Rose.  The Tree is a 1993 short film that Todd Field created while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory. It is a non-verbal dramatic piece following the life of a boy born at the turn of the century. The single setting, an apple tree set high on a rural ridge, is where we glimpse the boy mature, fall in love, go to war, return with his own son, and finally pay his last respects as a very old man who has seen much change. The set was designed using the tree as a scale foreground visual anchor and employing forced perspective for other items appearing in frame, including distant mountains, a train, and a town in transition. The scene changes from season to season and year to year all achieved practically using trompe-l'œil. The film is loosely based upon and inspired by the story The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein.  The Tree is a French-Australian 2010 film co-produced between Australia and France. It was filmed in the small town of Boonah in Queensland, Australia, and follows the lives of Dawn (Charlotte Gainsbourg) and her four children after the unexpected death of her husband Peter (Aden Young). The film is an adaptation of the 2002 debut novel Our Father Who Art in the Tree by Australian writer and performer Judy Pascoe. The film closed the Cannes Film Festival on 23 May 2010 following the Awards Ceremony and received a seven-minute standing ovation. In addition, The Tree premiered at the 2010 Sydney Film Festival. The film is distributed in the US by Zeitgeist Films, opening on 15 July 2011 in New York, on 22 July in Los Angeles, Boston and Washington, D.C., and throughout the country over the summer. [sep] Knowledge2: The Tree (2010 film): Sheri Linden of the Los Angeles Times praised Bertuccelli's directing for its use of "the scrubbed topography of Queensland, Australia", adding that "her mystical symbols can be as on-the-nose as her dialogue".[11] A similar praise also came from Patrick Peters of Empire who called the film "An eerie and unsettling adaptation of Judy Pascoe's novel that impresses more for its atmospherics than its narrative".[12] ; The Tree (2010 film): According to Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian "The imagery is almost unendurably self-conscious, and Gainsbourg, with her low, musical, murmuring voice, gives the kind of performance you suspect she can do standing on her head. Her final lines are irritating beyond belief".[15] ; The Tree (1969 film): The Tree is a 1969 American film that was written, produced, and directed, by Robert Guenette. A psychological drama revolving around the kidnapping of a young child, the film stars Jordan Christopher, Eileen Heckart, Alan Landers, Gale Dixon, James Broderick, Kathy Ryan, Ruth Ford, and George Rose.[1] ; The Tree (1993 film): The Tree is a 1993 short film that Todd Field created while a fellow at the AFI Conservatory. It is a non-verbal dramatic piece following the life of a boy born at the turn of the century. The single setting, an apple tree set high on a rural ridge, is where we glimpse the boy mature, fall in love, go to war, return with his own son, and finally pay his last respects as a very old man who has seen much change. The set was designed using the tree as a scale foreground visual anchor and employing forced perspective for other items appearing in frame, including distant mountains, a train, and a town in transition. The scene changes from season to season and year to year all achieved practically using trompe-l'œil. ; The Tree (1993 film): The film is loosely based upon and inspired by the story The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein.
Knowledge1:  Driven is a 1923 American silent romance film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. The director of the film was Charles Brabin. This film appears to be lost. The film was adapted from "The Flower of the Flock", a short story by Jay Gelzer. [sep] Knowledge2: Driven (2001 film): Driven is a 2001 American action sports film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone, who also wrote and produced. It centers on a young racing driver's effort to win the CART FedEx Championship Series auto racing championship. Prior to production, Stallone was seen at many Formula One races, but he was unable to procure enough information about the category due to the secrecy with which teams protect their cars, so he decided to base the film on Champ Car. ; Driven (2001 film): Driven received generally negative reviews from critics, and was a commercial failure. ; Driven (2001 film): As Brandenburg returns to form, Jimmy's paraplegic team owner Carl Henry is concerned that he is making more driving errors. He sees parallels to his former driver and Champ Car Champion, Joe Tanto, whom he convinces to come out of retirement to mentor Jimmy. Joe agrees and is brought in to replace Jimmy's teammate, Memo Moreno. To complicate matters, Joe's ex-wife Cathy Heguy is now married to Memo, the driver that Joe replaced. Despite all this, Joe and Memo are still friends. ; Driven (2001 film): Stallone and Harlin had previously worked together on Cliffhanger. Harlin had been trying to develop a film on the life of Ayrton Senna and when that fell through signed on to make Driven.[8][9] ; Driven (2001 film): When Sylvester Stallone's character arrives at a race early in the film, there's a long shot of him walking in, saying hello to various people. One very brief uncredited cameo contains Dustin Hoffman, in racing gear.
Knowledge1: Son contento (I'm Happy) is a 1983 Italian drama comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi. For his performance Carlo Giuffré won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor. Son contento  Son contento ("I'm Happy") is a 1983 Italian drama comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.  For his performance Carlo Giuffré won the David di Donatello for best supporting actor. [sep] Knowledge2: Son contento: Son contento (I'm Happy) is a 1983 Italian drama comedy film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.[1] ; Son contento: This article related to an Italian film of the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Son contento: This article about a 1980s comedy-drama film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Son contento: Son contento è un film del 1983 diretto da Maurizio Ponzi ed interpretato da Francesco Nuti. ; Son contento: Questo è il terzo ed ultimo film della collaborazione artistica tra Ponzi e Nuti, dopo Madonna che silenzio c'è stasera e Io, Chiara e lo Scuro.
Knowledge1:  A federal agent poses as a taxi driver to infiltrate a gang of counterfeiters. [sep] Knowledge2: Midnight Taxi (1937 film): A federal agent poses as a taxi driver to infiltrate a gang of counterfeiters.
Knowledge1: Freedom Writers  Freedom Writers is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Richard LaGravenese and starring Hilary Swank, Scott Glenn, Imelda Staunton, Patrick Dempsey and Mario.  It is based on the 1999 book "The Freedom Writers Diary" by teacher Erin Gruwell and students who compiled the book out of real diary entries about their lives that they wrote in their English class at Woodrow Wilson Classical High School in Long Beach, California. The movie is also based on the DC program called City at Peace. The title of the movie and book is a play on the term "Freedom Riders", referring to the multiracial civil rights activists who tested the U.S. Supreme Court decision ordering the desegregation of interstate buses in 1961.  The idea for the film came from journalist Tracey Durning, who made a documentary about Erin Gruwell for the ABC News program "Primetime Live". Durning served as co-executive producer of the film. The film was dedicated to the memory of Armand Jones, who was killed after filming "Freedom Writers." He was fatally shot at age 18 in Anaheim, California after a confrontation with a man who robbed Jones of a necklace in a Denny's restaurant. [sep] Knowledge2: Freedom (1982 film): Critical reviews were mixed to negative. Susie Eisenhuth, writing for The Sun-Herald, compared the film to Terrence Malick's Badlands (1973), another love on the run film. She wrote that Freedom spends "too much time on cars" and too little time on its characters.  Neil Jillett in The Age wrote one of the few positive reviews, stating that the film is about "the fantasies and fears of the young and unemployed", and called it "whimsical and intriguing".[7]
Knowledge1: Georgi Georgiev-Getz as the screenwriter ; Plamena Getova as Elena ; Konstantin Kotsev as the film director ; Katerina Evro as Maria ; Pavel Popandov as Milko ; Vania Tzvetkova as the actress Vania ; Stefan Danailov as the actor ; Nevena Simeonova as Elena's mother ; Luchezar Stoyanov as the cameraman ; Ivan Dzhambazov as the chief of the production ; Maria Stefanova as the screenwriter's wife ; Stefan Ilyev as the friend of the Maria's father [sep] Knowledge2: Balance (1989 film): Balance is a German surrealist stop-motion animated film, released in 1989.  It was directed and produced by twin brothers Wolfgang and Christoph Lauenstein.[1][2][3]
Knowledge1: Joey Soloway  Joey Soloway (previously Jill Soloway; born September 26, 1965) is an American television creator, showrunner, director and writer. Soloway is known for creating, writing, executive producing and directing the Amazon original series "Transparent", winning two Emmys for the show; directing and writing the film "Afternoon Delight", winning the Best Director award at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival; and producing "Six Feet Under".  Soloway identifies as non-binary and gender non-conforming, and uses they/them pronouns. In 2020, Soloway announced a name change to Joey. [sep] Knowledge2: Faith: Know therefore that the LORD thy God, He is God; the faithful God, who keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love Him and keep His commandments to a thousand generations;[80]
Knowledge1:  On the Run is a 1958 British drama film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Neil McCallum, Susan Beaumont and William Hartnell. The screenplay concerns a boxer who becomes romantically involved with a woman. Michael Imperioli as Albert de Santis ; John Ventimiglia as Louis Salazer ; Drena De Niro as Rita ; Nick Sandow as Jack ; Joaquim de Almeida as Ignácio ; Victor Argo as Man shaving ; Sharon Angela as Tina ; John Frey as George ; Anthony Zaccaro as Cop ; Paul Lazar as Cabbie ; Arthur Nascarella as Irwin ; Joseph Gannascoli as Tony ; Tom Gilroy as Tom ; Anna Kohler as Anna ; Agnês Jaoui as Kirstin ; Suzanne Shepherd as Travel Agent ; Bronson Dudley as Doctor Shapiro ; Dwight Ewell as Rasta [sep] Knowledge2: Roman Polanski: The cast includes Ewan McGregor as the writer and Pierce Brosnan as former British Prime Minister Adam Lang. The film was shot on locations in Germany.[90] ; Roman Polanski: In December 2009, a California appellate court discussed the film's allegations as it denied Polanski's request to have the case dismissed. While saying it was "deeply concerned" by the allegations, and that the allegations were "in many cases supported by considerable evidence", it also found that "Even in light of our fundamental concern about the misconduct ... flight was not Polanski's only option. It was not even his best option." It said dismissal of the case, which would erase Polanski's guilty plea, would not be an "appropriate result", and that he still had other legal options.[167][208]
Knowledge1: Variety is a 1983 American independent film directed by Bette Gordon with a screenplay by Kathy Acker from a story by Gordon. The film stars Sandy McLeod, Will Patton, and Richard M. Davidson. The film follows a young woman who takes a job at a New York City pornographic theater and becomes increasingly obsessed with a wealthy patron who may or may not be involved with the mafia. [sep] Knowledge2: Variety (magazine): In 1946, a weekly National Box Office survey was published on page 3 indicating the performance of the week's hits and flops based on the box office results of 25 key U.S. cities.[94][95] Later that year, a list of All-Time Top Grossers with a list of films that had achieved or gave promise of earning $4,000,000 or more in domestic (United States and Canada) rentals was published.[96] An updated chart was published annually for over 50 years, normally in the anniversary edition each January.[97][98]
Knowledge1:  The Night Riders is a 1920 British silent western film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Maudie Dunham, Albert Ray and Alexander Butler. It was one of several films made by the British producer G.B. Samuelson at Universal City in California.  A Cornish emigrant to Canada battles against cattle rustlers in Alberta. [sep] Knowledge2: The Night Riders (1920 film): The Night Riders is a 1920 British silent Western film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Maudie Dunham, Albert Ray and Alexander Butler. It was one of several films made by the British producer G. B. Samuelson at Universal City in California.[2]
Knowledge1:  The film tells about two doctors who have not completed their work. One of them realized that he had done wrong and decided to change his life. [sep] Knowledge2: You & I (One Direction song): Carl Williot of Idolator thought that "It's a cool idea, giving the illusion that it's a single-take visual, while obviously bringing to mind the iconic closing scene in Michael Jackson's 'Black or White'."[34] Louis Virtel of HitFix called it "weird and scary."[35]
Knowledge1: La cruz is a 1997 Argentine drama film directed by Alejandro Agresti. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: La cruz (film): La cruz is a 1997 Argentine drama film directed by Alejandro Agresti. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.[1] ; La cruz (film): This article related to an Argentine film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  On the eve of his own marriage, a man offers shelter to a runaway wife with whom he strikes up an unexpected bond.  In order to escape from his life and his lost love, Keaton sets off on his small boat, Cupid, but runs into the whaling ship, The Love Nest. The whaler's merciless captain (Joe Roberts) throws crew members overboard for even the slightest offense. After his steward accidentally pours hot tea over the captain's hand, the captain tosses him overboard and replaces him with Keaton. Despite a series of mishaps, Keaton manages to avoid the fate of other crewmen. The Love Nest (1922 film)  The Love Nest () is a 1922 German silent film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Paul Wegener, Reinhold Schünzel, and Lyda Salmonova. It was released in two parts.  The film's sets were designed by the art director Rochus Gliese. [sep] Knowledge2: The Love Nest (1923 film): The Love Nest is a 1923 American short comedy silent film written and directed by and starring Buster Keaton. It is his 19th and final film at Buster Keaton Productions and last silent short film. ; The Love Nest (1923 film): He docks at the rear of a platform he is unaware is a target bullseye for naval gunnery practice. The Navy scores a direct hit and Keaton is seen hurtled skyward; angel-wing style. ; The Love Nest (1923 film): Keaton then wakes up in his own boat; which had never left the dock. The whole thing had been a dream. ; The Love Nest (1923 film): This article about a short silent comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Love Nest (1933 film): The Love Nest is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley starring Gene Gerrard, Camilla Horn, and Nancy Burne.[1]
Knowledge1:  The Resolve is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Henry Otto starring Ed Coxen, Lizette Thorne, and Winifred Greenwood. [sep] Knowledge2: DaVinci Resolve: DaVinci Resolve software has been used in television shows including 2 Broke Girls,[135] American Horror Story,[136] Arrow,[135] Ash vs Evil Dead,[137] The Big Bang Theory,[138] Criminal Minds,[138] Daredevil,[139] The Flash,[135] Gotham,[140] How To Get Away With Murder,[138] The Last Man on Earth,[135] Lethal Weapon,[135] The Man in the High Castle,[138] The Mentalist,[136] The Muppets,[140] NCIS: Los Angeles,[136] Orphan Black ,[140] Portlandia,[140] Sons of Anarchy,[136] Supernatural,[138] The Walking Dead,[135] and Westworld.[141]
Knowledge1: Out is the seventh film in Pixar's "SparkShorts" program. It was directed and written by Steven Clay Hunter, known for animation work on Finding Nemo and WALL-E, and produced by Max Sachar, known for his work on Coco and Toy Story 3.  Out is a 2002 Japanese film directed by Hideyuki Hirayama. [sep] Knowledge2: Get Out: Rose and Walter (possessed by Roman) arrive and hold Chris at gunpoint. Chris uses the flash on his phone to incapacitate Roman. Walter temporarily regains control of his body, taking Rose's rifle and shooting both her and himself. Chris begins to strangle the wounded Rose, but he finds himself unable to kill her.[6] Police sirens approach, and Rose cries out for help. Chris realizes that his situation will become extremely precarious if Rose has a chance to spin a story for the police, but the driver is revealed to be Rod. He drives away with Chris, leaving Rose to bleed out on the road.
Knowledge1: Produced by Marvin Holtzman ; Arranged and conducted by Ray Ellis [sep] Knowledge2: On the Beach (1959 film): Towers says farewell to Davidson at the docks. Choosing duty over love, he takes the Sawfish back to sea. Heartbroken, Davidson watches from a cliff as the Sawfish submerges. It is implied that Towers and Davidson ended their lives shortly afterward, although their deaths are not depicted onscreen. ; Richard Linklater: Linklater lives in Austin, Texas and refuses to live or work in Hollywood for any extended period of time. ; Alan Smithee: The original proposal was to credit the fictional "Al Smith", but the name was deemed too common and was already in use within the film industry. The last name was first changed to "Smithe", then "Smithee",[1] which was thought to be distinctive enough to avoid confusion with similar names but without drawing attention to itself.[2] Critics praised the film and its "new" director, with The New York Times commenting that the film was "sharply directed by Allen Smithee who has an adroit facility for scanning faces and extracting sharp background detail,"[3] and Roger Ebert commenting, "Director Allen Smithee, a name I'm not familiar with, allows his story to unfold naturally."[4]
Knowledge1: Den store gavtyv is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Dirch Passer. Den store gavtyv  Den store gavtyv is a 1956 Danish comedy film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Dirch Passer. [sep] Knowledge2: Den store gavtyv: Den store gavtyv er en dansk film fra 1956.
Knowledge1: Rochelle Walensky  Rochelle Paula Walensky (née Bersoff; born April 5, 1969) is an American physician-scientist who is the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Prior to her appointment at the CDC, she was the Chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases at Massachusetts General Hospital and a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. Walensky is an expert on HIV/AIDS. [sep] Knowledge2: The Physician: Rob is taken by the only one who wants him: a traveling barber-surgeon who goes only by the name of Barber. He is a fleshy man with fleshy appetites and a very great zest for life. Over the next years, he takes Rob as his apprentice. He teaches the boy how to juggle, to draw caricatures, to tell stories, to entertain a crowd, to sell the nostrum on which they make their living. He also teaches the boy all he knows of medicine—which is little. ; The Physician: In a moment of epiphany, Rob decides that he shall take on the guise of a Jewish student, so that he can travel to Persia and study at the feet of Avicenna (Ibn Sina). This decision carries its own risks: while Jews generally were allowed more freedom in the Muslim world than they were in Christian Europe, Rob would still have to cross Europe, where Jews were routinely faced with blood libels, expulsions, forced conversions and killings. ; The Physician: Rob travels, as a Christian, from London throughout Europe to Constantinople. Here he becomes Jewish in appearance, and travels eastwards with a group of Jewish merchants, learning their ways as best he can. ; The Physician: He also meets a young woman called Mary Margaret Cullen, who was traveling with her father, in search of superior Turkish sheep. The pair falls in love and become occasional lovers, but as Mary, by her father, proposes marriage to Rob, he dismisses her, saying that he needed to study medicine and telling her all his plans. The Cullens leave the caravan and Rob continues his journey. ; The Physician: A chance encounter with the Shah of Persia opens for Rob the door to the school of physicians (Bimaristan). Here he begins the study of medicine—the first formal study he has ever had in his life. At the same time he immerses himself in the life of a Persian Jew.
Knowledge1: El Último perro is a 1956 Argentine film directed by Lucas Demare. It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Lucas Demare: Para la filmación de exteriores se construyó una aldea en la misma zona donde se desarrollaron los acontecimientos que inspiraron la película. Para las escenas de conjunto se contó con el concurso de unos mil participantes, número que no tenido precedente en el cine argentino.
Knowledge1: The Easiest Way is a 1931 American pre-Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway. Adapted from the 1909 play of the same name written by Eugene Walter and directed by David Belasco, the film stars Constance Bennett, Adolphe Menjou, Robert Montgomery, Marjorie Rambeau, Anita Page, and Clark Gable  Warner Archive Collection released the first Region 1 DVD on March 10, 2010. The Easiest Way  The Easiest Way is a 1931 American pre-Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway. Adapted from the 1909 play of the same name written by Eugene Walter and directed by David Belasco, the film stars Constance Bennett, Adolphe Menjou, Robert Montgomery, Marjorie Rambeau, Anita Page, and Clark Gable [sep] Knowledge2: The Easiest Way (1917 film): The Easiest Way is a 1917 American silent film starring Clara Kimball Young and directed by Albert Capellani. It is based on a 1909 play, The Easiest Way by Eugene Walter, staged by David Belasco and starred Frances Starr as Laura Murdock. Belasco and Starr revived the play in 1921.[1][2][3] It is not known whether the film currently survives.[4] ; The Easiest Way (1917 film): Actor Joseph Kilgour reprises his role as Brockton from the Broadway play.
Knowledge1: The Betrayed is a 2008 American thriller film, directed by Amanda Gusack from her own screenplay and starring Melissa George, Oded Fehr and Christian Campbell. [sep] Knowledge2: The Betrayed (2008 film): The Betrayed is a 2008 American thriller film, directed by Amanda Gusack from her own screenplay and starring Melissa George, Oded Fehr and Christian Campbell.
Knowledge1:  Sacrifice is a 2014 American thriller drama film written and directed by Michael Cohn and starring Dermot Mulroney, Melora Walters and Austin Abrams. [sep] Knowledge2: Sacrifice (2014 film): Sacrifice is a 2014 American thriller drama film written and directed by Michael Cohn and starring Dermot Mulroney, Melora Walters and Austin Abrams.
Knowledge1: Academy Award for Best Director  The Academy Award for Best Director (officially known as the Academy Award of Merit for Directing) is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is given in honor of a film director who has exhibited outstanding directing while working in the film industry. The award is traditionally presented by the previous year's Best Director winner.  The 1st Academy Awards ceremony was held in 1929 with the award being split into "Dramatic" and "Comedy" categories; Frank Borzage and Lewis Milestone won for "7th Heaven" and "Two Arabian Knights", respectively. However, these categories were merged for all subsequent ceremonies. Nominees are determined by single transferable vote within the directors branch of AMPAS; winners are selected by a plurality vote from the entire eligible voting members of the academy.<ref name="TheEnvelope"> </ref>  For the first eleven years of the Academy Awards, directors were allowed to be nominated for multiple films in the same year. However, after the nomination of Michael Curtiz for two films, "Angels with Dirty Faces" and "Four Daughters", at the 11th Academy Awards, the rules were revised so that an individual could only be nominated for one film at each ceremony. That rule has since been amended, although the only director who has received multiple nominations in the same year was Steven Soderbergh for "Erin Brockovich" and "Traffic" in 2000, winning the award for the latter. The Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture have been very closely linked throughout their history. Of the 88 films that won Best Picture and were also nominated for Best Director, 67 won the award.  Since its inception, the award has been given to 74 directors or directing teams. As of the 2021 ceremony, New Zealand filmmaker Jane Campion is the most recent winner in this category for her work on "The Power of the Dog" and the third woman to win it. [sep] Knowledge2: Dorothy Arzner: Since the resurgence of Arzner's films, they have been studied by feminist and gay theorists alike for their depictions of gender and female sexuality, as well as for Arzner's focus on the female relationship.[11]
Knowledge1:  of the town's history. In the present day, the trail's coordinates have been declassified, and a film crew has arrived to travel the trail to learn about the disappearances and deaths, as well as what lies at the end of the trail. Crew leader Teddy found the trail's coordinates via Friar's cinema. The crew (including Teddy's wife Melissa, their collaborator Walter, sibling cartographers Daryl and Erin Luger, forestry expert Cy, and intern Jill) soon befriends Liv, a townsperson who works at the cinema and agrees to accompany them on their trip. The journey goes well initially, but soon the crew is terrorized by loud and jarring music that [sep] Knowledge2: The Big Trail: The 70mm version was finally seen on cable television in the late 1990s. The 35mm version had been released to VHS and DVD previously for several years. A two-disc restored DVD was released in the U.S. on May 13, 2008, featuring the 35- and 70-millimeter versions.[citation needed] A Blu-ray edition featuring the 70-millimeter version was released in September 2012.[16]
Knowledge1: Det var paa Rundetaarn is a 1955 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer. Det var paa Rundetaarn  Det var paa Rundetaarn is a 1955 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer. [sep] Knowledge2: Det var paa Rundetaarn: Det var paa Rundetaarn is a 1955 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer and Ove Sprogøe. ; Det var paa Rundetaarn: This article related to Danish film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Det var paa Rundetaarn: This article about a romantic comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy as Antoni Manev ; Vania Tzvetkova as Doroteya ; Yevgeniya Barakova as Saprugata ; Maria Dimcheva as D-r Yurukova ; Ivan Kondov as Sledovatelyat ; Roumiania Parvanova as Mashtehata [sep] Knowledge2: The Barrier (1937 film): The Barrier is a 1937 American western adventure film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Leo Carrillo, Jean Parker and James Ellison.[1] It was produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is based on the 1908 novel The Barrier by Rex Beach. The story was previously filmed by MGM as a silent film of the same title in 1926.[2] Location shooting took place in Mount Rainier National Park in Washington. ; The Barrier (1937 film): In 1890, in Flambeau, a small mining town in Alaska near the Canadian border, among the inhabitants are the prospectors John Gale and "No Creek" Lee and the French fur hunter Poleon Doret. Gale, a man with a big heart, lives with an Indian woman, Alluna, and a girl, Necia, whom he treats like a daughter. In reality, Necia is the daughter of another Indian, Merridy, loved by Gale some time before, but who had married another. Bennett, her husband, had turned out to be a violent man and Merridy, trying to save her daughter from her abuse, had asked for help from Gale who had promised her to watch over the baby until she joined them after leaving her husband. But Merridy had never arrived and Gale had been charged with kidnapping the girl and murdering Merridy. Having escaped capture, Gale had gone into hiding, taking refuge in Flambeau. When the troops of the United States arrive in the city and, under the leadership of Lieutenant Burrell, create a fixed position of the army, Flambeau is all in fibrillation.  ; The Barrier (1937 film): Among the newcomers is also Bennett who now uses the name of Stark. The man, for fifteen years, has been on the trail of Gale and now he intends to have him arrested and to take Necia from him. Poleon, the French, who grew up with the girl, fell in love with her, but Necia prefers the lieutenant. Alluna, however, warns her that a white man will never marry a half-breed like her. Necia, after talking to Burrell who tells her that their separation would be the best thing for her, leaves with a broken heart. Gale decides to tell the lieutenant everything to ensure a future for Necia. Stark orders Burrell to arrest him, but he must confront the miner. From the clash, the two opponents both come out injured. At the end of his life, Stark says he has taken Necia. Poleon, who hears it, runs to the river to save the girl, arriving just in time. Burrell, meanwhile, obtains Stark's confession about Merridy's murder, thus exonerating Gale who is also found not guilty by the miners' committee for Stark's death. Poleon gallantly gives Necia to Burrell and leaves Flambeau in a canoe singing a song. ; The Barrier (1926 film): The Barrier is a 1926 American silent adventure film produced and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by George Hill.[1] The film stars Lionel Barrymore and Marceline Day and is based on the 1908 wilderness novel of the same name by Rex Beach. Previous versions of the novel had been filmed in 1913 and 1917 respectively. This film is the last silent version to be filmed.[2] The Barrier is a lost film.[3][4] ; The Barrier (1917 film): The Barrier is a lost[1] 1917 American silent northwoods drama film directed by Edgar Lewis and starring Mabel Julienne Scott. It is based on the 1908 Rex Beach novel The Barrier.[2][3]
Knowledge1: Genius is a 2016 British-American biographical drama film directed by Michael Grandage and written by John Logan, based on the 1978 National Book Award-winner Max Perkins: Editor of Genius by A. Scott Berg. The film stars Colin Firth, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Dominic West, and Guy Pearce. It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.  Genius is a 2003 direct-to-video American dramatic film, written and directed by Babar Ahmed. The film was shot in Manhattan, New York, and Ahmed's debut feature film. It was screened at several film festivals receiving multiple awards and then released to video.  In January 2018, Suseenthiran announced that he would be directing a film called Genius while also filming another project, Champion. Newcomer Roshan portrays the lead role and also produced the film. Suseenthiran revealed that he had written this script with Vijay in mind; however, since he did not agree to do the film, a debutant was chosen for the plot. The film is based on the theme of education and mental stress. Genius (2016 film)  Genius is a 2016 biographical drama film directed by Michael Grandage and written by John Logan, based on the 1978 National Book Award-winner "Max Perkins: Editor of Genius" by A. Scott Berg. The film stars Colin Firth, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Laura Linney, Dominic West, and Guy Pearce. It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Genius (2016 film): Genius is a 2016 biographical drama film directed by Michael Grandage and written by John Logan, based on the 1978 National Book Award-winner Max Perkins: Editor of Genius by A. Scott Berg. The film stars Colin Firth, Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, Laura Linney, Dominic West, and Guy Pearce. It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.[4] ; Genius: Criticisms include that Galton's study fails to account for the impact of social status and the associated availability of resources in the form of economic inheritance, meaning that inherited "eminence" or "genius" can be gained through the enriched environment provided by wealthy families. Galton went on to develop the field of eugenics.[30] Galton attempted to control for economic inheritance by comparing the adopted nephews of popes, who would have the advantage of wealth without being as closely related to popes as sons are to their fathers, to the biological children of eminent individuals.[27] ; Genius: It has been suggested that there exists a connection between mental illness, in particular schizophrenia and bipolar disorder, and genius.[36] Individuals with bipolar disorder and schizotypal personality disorder, the latter of which being more common amongst relatives of schizophrenics, tend to show elevated creativity.[37] ; Genius:  In the philosophy of David Hume, the way society perceives genius is similar to the way society perceives the ignorant. Hume states that a person with the characteristics of a genius is looked at as a person disconnected from society, as well as a person who works remotely, at a distance, away from the rest of the world. ; Genius: On the other hand, the mere ignorant is still more despised; nor is any thing deemed a surer sign of an illiberal genius in an age and nation where the sciences flourish, than to be entirely destitute of all relish for those noble entertainments. The most perfect character is supposed to lie between those extremes; retaining an equal ability and taste for books, company, and business; preserving in conversation that discernment and delicacy which arise from polite letters; and in business, that probity and accuracy which are the natural result of a just philosophy.[58]
Knowledge1:  The original director was Silvio Narizzano who left the project prior to shooting. The screenwriters were Chris Bryant and Allan Scott, who were so upset with subsequent changes made they requested their names be taken off the film. [sep] Knowledge2: Men and Women (1999 film): The film won a FIPRESCI award at the 1999 Locarno International Film Festival.[1]
Knowledge1:  Sold was a 1915 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. Based on George Erastov's play of the same name (which was an adaptation of the Henri Bernstein French play Le Secret), the film starred stage actress Pauline Frederick and was directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter. The film was re-released in 1919 by Paramount. It is now considered lost. [sep] Knowledge2: Sold (2014 film): Sold is a 2014 drama film directed by Jeffrey D. Brown[1] based on Patricia McCormick's novel Sold.[2]
Knowledge1:  Paramount Pictures announced that they would reboot the film with Lorenzo di Bonaventura producing, Dexter Fletcher will direct and Regé-Jean Page will be portraying Templar and will also executive producing the film while Kwame Kwei-Armah will write. [sep] Knowledge2: The Saint (1997 film): The Saint is a 1997 American action thriller film directed by Phillip Noyce, written by Jonathan Hensleigh and Wesley Strick, and starring Val Kilmer in the title role, with Elisabeth Shue and Rade Šerbedžija. The plot of the film revolves around the title character who is a high tech thief and master of disguise, who becomes the anti-hero while using the moniker of various saints. He paradoxically lives in the underworld of international industrial theft and espionage. The film was a modest financial success with a worldwide box office of $169.4 million, rentals of $28.2 million, and continuous DVD sales.[2][1] ; The Saint (1997 film): The reference work The Saint: A Complete History by Burl Barer (McFarland 1992) was written at a time when another set of plans were under way to launch a new Saint film series, which would have been faithful to the original writings of Leslie Charteris and feature characters from the original books. This project also failed. ; The Saint (1997 film): A few years later, Paramount Pictures's attempt to make a film of The Saint started with the powerhouse above-the-line team of Robert Evans as producer, Steven Zaillian as writer and Sydney Pollack as director. Ralph Fiennes - hot from Schindler's List and Quiz Show - was offered $1 million for the lead, but eventually passed. In a 1994 interview for Premiere magazine, Fiennes said the screenplay—racing fast cars, breaking into Swiss banks was nothing he hadn't seen before. ; The Saint (1997 film): In a 1997 interview with Des O'Connor for his ITV show, Hugh Grant says he passed on the role after a meeting with Noyce because he didn't like the director's approach to the character. Hugh Grant, Kenneth Branagh, Mel Gibson, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Christian Slater, George Clooney, Kevin Costner, Johnny Depp and Daniel Day-Lewis all refused the role. Val Kilmer was cast after declining to reprise the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne in Joel Schumacher's Batman & Robin and the script was rewritten by Wesley Strick to suit his style. ; The Saint (1997 film): Strick's rewrite relocated the action to London and Oxford and merged two villains together by having Tretiak running for president himself rather than endorsing a puppet candidate. Kilmer was constantly pressing for more disguises in the film, although Paramount wanted to keep that idea for their Mission: Impossible franchise. The Saint, as devised by Charteris in the 1930s, used crude disguises instead of the sophisticated ones shown in this film.
Knowledge1: Virginia Beresford ; William Thornton as David Cameron ; Robert Purdie as Donald Cameron ; Connie Martyn as Mary Cameron ; Augustus Neville ; George Chalmers ; W. Dummitt ; 'Big' Bill Wilson ; Sydney Hackett ; Phyllis Culbert   The Pioneers is a 1926 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. The script had been written by Lottie Lyell but she had died by the time filming started. It was considered a lost film but some surviving footage from it has recently emerged. The Pioneers (1924)   The Pioneers is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. The film is based on the debut novel by Katharine Susannah Prichard which won £250 in a 1915 literary competition. It is considered a lost film. It was later filmed by Raymond Longford as The Pioneers (1926). [sep] Knowledge2: The Pioneers (1941 film): The Pioneers is a 1941 American Western film directed by Albert Herman and starring Tex Ritter, Karl Hackett and Wanda McKay.[1] ; The Pioneers (1926 film): The Pioneers is a 1926 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford. The script had been written by Lottie Lyell but she had died by the time filming started. It was considered a lost film but some surviving footage from it has recently emerged.[3] ; The Pioneers (1926 film): The story of a Scottish settler and his wife, Donald and Mary Cameron, who live in the Gippsland bush, with their son David. They adopt the daughter of an ex-convict and raise him as their own. The daughter and David Cameron fall in love, but she marries another man.[4] ; The Pioneers (1926 film): Katharine Susannah Prichard's novel had won a £1,000 prize in 1915 and had previously been filmed by Franklyn Barrett in 1916.[7] ; The Pioneers (1926 film): It was directed by Raymond Longford who in September 1925 had accepted a position of director of productions at Australasian Films. He worked on several films for them but the association ended badly. The director complained that the cast of The Pioneers was forced upon him.
Knowledge1: Broadway Jones (film)  Broadway Jones is a lost 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Kaufman and starring George M. Cohan, in his film debut, in a motion picture based on his 1912 play, "Broadway Jones".  Though no known copies survive of the film, a 1931 Paramount promotional film, "The House That Shadows Built", contains a clip of Cohan which may be from either "Broadway Jones" or one of two other lost Cohan silent films from around the same time. [sep] Knowledge2: Broadway Jones (film): Broadway Jones is a lost[1] 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Joseph Kaufman and starring George M. Cohan, in his film debut, in a motion picture based on his 1912 play, Broadway Jones.[2][3][4] ; Broadway Jones (film): Though no known copies survive of the film, a 1931 Paramount promotional film, The House That Shadows Built, contains a clip of Cohan which may be from either Broadway Jones or one of two other lost Cohan silent films from around the same time. ; Broadway Jones (film): This 1910s comedy film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Richard Harris as Danny Travis ; Karen Black as Paula Herbert ; Martin Landau as Capt. Gerrity ; Dennis Christopher as Ben ; Christopher Guest as Roger ; Penelope Milford as Denise  The Last Word (2008 film)  The Last Word is an offbeat romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Haley. It stars Winona Ryder and Wes Bentley. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January, and it had a wider release in 2008. The Last Word (1973 film)  The Last Word (, translit. Poslednata duma) is a 1973 Bulgarian drama film directed by Binka Zhelyazkova. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: The Last Word (2008 film): The Last Word is a romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Haley.[1] It stars Winona Ryder and Wes Bentley. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2008[2] and was released on DVD on April 21, 2009.[3] ; The Last Word (1979 film): The Last Word is a 1979 film starring Richard Harris.[1] It was the last movie directed by Roy Boulting.[2]
Knowledge1: Escape from Alcatraz (film)  Escape from Alcatraz is a 1979 American prison thriller film directed by Don Siegel. It is an adaptation of the 1963 non-fiction book of the same name by J. Campbell Bruce and dramatizes the 1962 prisoner escape from the maximum security prison on Alcatraz Island. The film stars Clint Eastwood, and features Patrick McGoohan, Fred Ward, Jack Thibeau, and Larry Hankin. Danny Glover appears in his film debut. "Escape from Alcatraz" marks the fifth and final collaboration between Siegel and Eastwood, following "Coogan's Bluff" (1968), "Two Mules for Sister Sara" (1970), "The Beguiled" (1971), and "Dirty Harry" (1971). [sep] Knowledge2: Escape (1948 film): Film critic A.H. Weiler of the New York Times wrote a positive review of the film, "As the harried convict, Rex Harrison gives a restrained but persuasive portrait of a man beset not only by physical but moral tribulations ... The pace of Escape, as set by director Joseph L. Mankiewicz, is, on occasion, slower than might be desired, and scenarist Philip Dunne's script is sometimes given to lengthy conversation. But these are minor flaws in an adult work, which unspectacularly and effectively does justice to a serious theme.[2]
Knowledge1: Alfred Hitchcock  Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock (13 August 1899 – 29 April 1980) was an English filmmaker. He is widely regarded as one of the most influential figures in the history of cinema.<ref name="influential" /> In a career spanning six decades, he directed over 50 feature films, many of which are still widely watched and studied today. Known as the "Master of Suspense", he became as well known as any of his actors thanks to his many interviews, his cameo roles in most of his films, and his hosting and producing the television anthology "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" (1955–65). His films garnered 46 Academy Award nominations, including six wins, although he never won the award for Best Director despite five nominations.  Hitchcock initially trained as a technical clerk and copy writer before entering the film industry in 1919 as a title card designer. His directorial debut was the British-German silent film "The Pleasure Garden" (1925). His first successful film, "" (1927), helped to shape the thriller genre, and "Blackmail" (1929) was the first British "". "The Birds" (1963) and "Marnie" (1964) were also financially successful and are highly regarded by film historians.  The "Hitchcockian" style includes the use of editing and camera movement to mimic a person's gaze, thereby turning viewers into voyeurs, and framing shots to maximise anxiety and fear. The film critic Robin Wood wrote that the meaning of a Hitchcock film "is there in the method, in the progression from shot to shot. A Hitchcock film is an organism, with the whole implied in every detail and every detail related to the whole." Hitchcock made multiple films with some of the biggest stars in Hollywood, including four with Cary Grant in the 1940s and 1950s, three with Ingrid Bergman in the second half of the 1940s, four with James Stewart over a decade commencing in 1948, and three consecutive with Grace Kelly in the mid-1950s. Hitchcock became an American citizen in 1955.  In 2012, Hitchcock's psychological thriller "Vertigo", starring Stewart, displaced Orson Welles' "Citizen Kane" (1941) as the British Film Institute's greatest film ever made based on its world-wide poll of hundreds of film critics.<ref name=Christie2012/> , nine of his films had been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry, including his personal favourite, "Shadow of a Doubt" (1943). He received the BAFTA Fellowship in 1971, the AFI Life Achievement Award in 1979, and was knighted in December that year, four months before his death on 29 April 1980.<ref name=Todd30April1980/> [sep] Knowledge2: Martin Scorsese:  The real-life Hoffa... (was) a crucial player in both gangland politics and the actual practical politics of the day, and the movie's key through line is the inseparability of those two realms. The Irishman is a sociopolitical horror story that views much of modern American history as a continuous crime in motion, in which every level of society—from domestic life through local business through big business through national and international politics—is poisoned by graft and bribery, shady deals and dirty money, threats of violence and its gruesome enactment, and the hard-baked impunity that keeps the entire system running.[175]
Knowledge1:  Emergency Landing (Nødlanding) is a 1952 Norwegian war film directed by Arne Skouen. It was entered into the 1952 Cannes Film Festival. The film depicts the Norwegian resistance attempting to hide shot-down American aviators from the German occupation forces. [sep] Knowledge2: Stanley Kubrick: Upon release, the film stirred up much controversy and mixed opinions. The New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther worried that it was a "discredit and even contempt for our whole defense establishment ... the most shattering sick joke I've ever come across", [117] while Robert Brustein of Out of This World in a February 1970 article called it a "juvenalian satire".[115] Kubrick responded to the criticism, stating: "A satirist is someone who has a very skeptical view of human nature, but who still has the optimism to make some sort of a joke out of it. However brutal that joke might be".[118] Today, the film is considered to be one of the sharpest comedy films ever made, and holds a near-perfect 98% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 91 reviews as of November 2020[update].[119] It was named the 39th-greatest American film and third-greatest American comedy film of all time by the American Film Institute,[120][121] and in 2010, it was named the sixth-best comedy film of all time by The Guardian.[122] ; Stanley Kubrick: Barry Lyndon found a great audience in France, but was a box office failure, grossing just $9.5 million in the American market, not even close to the $30 million Warner Bros. needed to generate a profit.[163] The pace and length of Barry Lyndon at three hours put off many American critics and audiences, but the film was nominated for seven Academy Awards and won four, including Best Art Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, and Best Musical Score, more than any other Kubrick film. As with most of Kubrick's films, Barry Lyndon's reputation has grown through the years and it is now considered to be one of his best, particularly among filmmakers and critics. Numerous polls, such as The Village Voice (1999), Sight & Sound (2002), and Time (2005), have rated it as one of the greatest films ever made.[164][165][166] As of March 2019[update], it has a 94% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 64 reviews.[167] Roger Ebert referred to it as "one of the most beautiful films ever made ... certainly in every frame a Kubrick film: technically awesome, emotionally distant, remorseless in its doubt of human goodness".[168] ; Stanley Kubrick: Eyes Wide Shut, like Lolita and A Clockwork Orange before it, faced censorship before release. Kubrick sent an unfinished preview copy to the stars and producers a few months before release, but his sudden death on March 7, 1999, came a few days after he finished editing. He never saw the final version released to the public,[193] but he did see the preview of the film with Warner Bros., Cruise, and Kidman, and had reportedly told Warner executive Julian Senior that it was his "best film ever".[194] At the time, critical opinion of the film was mixed, and it was viewed less favorably than most of Kubrick's films. Roger Ebert awarded it 3.5 out of 4 stars, comparing the structure to a thriller and writing that it is "like an erotic daydream about chances missed and opportunities avoided", and thought that Kubrick's use of lighting at Christmas made the film "all a little garish, like an urban sideshow".[195] Stephen Hunter of The Washington Post disliked the film, writing that it "is actually sad, rather than bad. It feels creaky, ancient, hopelessly out of touch, infatuated with the hot taboos of his youth and unable to connect with that twisty thing contemporary sexuality has become."[196] ; Stanley Kubrick: Spielberg was able to function autonomously in Kubrick's absence, but said he felt "inhibited to honor him", and followed Kubrick's visual schema with as much fidelity as he could. Spielberg, who once referred to Kubrick as "the greatest master I ever served", now with production underway, admitted, "I felt like I was being coached by a ghost."[202] The film was released in June 2001. It contains a posthumous production credit for Stanley Kubrick at the beginning and the brief dedication "For Stanley Kubrick" at the end. John Williams's score contains many allusions to pieces heard in other Kubrick films.[203] ; Stanley Kubrick: In terms of Kubrick's screenwriting and narratives, posthumous analysis of his films often highlight a pervasive "misanthropy", an unsentimental style, and being less interested in the specific emotions or personality traits of his characters.[247] Filmmaker Quentin Tarantino describes the manner in which Kubrick writes characters and films as "cold" and detached. [248]
Knowledge1: James Burrows  James Edward Burrows (born December 30, 1940), sometimes known as Jim "Jimmy" Burrows, is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s. Burrows has directed over 50 television pilots and co-created the long-running television series "Cheers". He has also formed 3 Sisters Entertainment, a joint venture with NBC that is known for "Will & Grace" as well as the CBS Productions show "Caroline in the City".  In 2016, Burrows directed his 1,000th TV episode, on NBC's "Crowded". [sep] Knowledge2: William A. Wellman: During the filming of Beggars of Life (1928), a silent film starring Wallace Beery, Richard Arlen and Louise Brooks, sound was added to Beery's introductory scene at the behest of Paramount Studio. Wellman reportedly hung a microphone from a broom so Beery could walk and talk within the scene, avoiding the static shot required for early sound shoots.[15] During the filming of Chinatown Nights (1929), he sat under the camera on a dolly with the mic between his legs, essentially inventing a shotgun mic.[19]
Knowledge1: La Rival ("The Rival") is a 1955 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.  The Rival (La rivale) is a 1955 Italian-French melodrama film directed by Anton Giulio Majano. [sep] Knowledge2: John Landis: I had complete suspension of disbelief—really, I was eight years old and it transported me. I was on that beach running from that dragon, fighting that Cyclops. It just really dazzled me, and I bought it completely. And so, I actually sat through it twice and when I got home, I asked my mom, "Who does that? Who makes the movie?"[4][5]; John Landis: Landis and four other crew members were charged with involuntary manslaughter. The prosecutors demonstrated that Landis was reckless and had not warned the parents, cast or crew of the children's and Morrow's proximity to explosives, or of limitations on their working hours.[12] He admitted that he had violated California law regulating the employment of children by using the children after hours, and conceded that that was wrong, but still denied culpability.[12] Numerous members of the film crew testified that the director was warned of the extreme hazard by technicians but ignored them. After a nine-month jury trial during 1986 and 1987, Landis, represented by criminal defense attorneys Harland Braun and James F. Neal, and the other crew members were acquitted of the charges.[18][19] ; John Landis: Landis was later reprimanded for circumventing California's child labor laws in hiring the two children. The incident resulted in stricter safety measures and enforcement of child labor laws in California.[18] The parents of the children sued, and eventually settled out of court with the studio for $2 million per family. Morrow's children, one of them being actress Jennifer Jason Leigh, who was 20 at the time, also settled out of court for an undisclosed sum. ; John Landis: During an interview with journalist Giulia D'Agnolo Vallan, Landis said, "When you read about the accident, they say we were blowing up huts—which we weren't—and that debris hit the tail rotor of the helicopter—which it didn't. The FBI Crime Lab, who was working for the prosecution, finally figured out that the tail rotor delaminated, which is why the pilot lost control. The special effects man who made the mistake by setting off a fireball at the wrong time was never charged."[6] ; John Landis: Acting roles
Knowledge1: Echo Presenta: Invasion (2007) [sep] Knowledge2: Echo (2023 film): Echo is a 2023 Indian Tamil-language psychological thriller film directed by Nawin Ghanesh and starring Srikanth and Vidya Pradeep in the lead roles. It was released on 21 July 2023 and received positive reviews from critics.
Knowledge1:  The Trap is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Edwin August, produced by Pat Powers, and starring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush and Lon Chaney. The film is now considered lost. Chaney would later appear in an unrelated film of the same name in 1922. [sep] Knowledge2: The Trap (1959 film): When released, The New York Times film critic, Bosley Crowther, gave the film a mixed review, writing, "And its tale of a conscience-smitten shyster nabbing a contemporary fugitive badman and bringing him in, against grueling opposition, is in the Western vein. It is not in the high tradition. After a promising start, in which the shyster transforms from a mouthpiece for the fugitive into a self-appointed deputy for his sheriff father, who gets killed, it settles down rather flatly into an ordinary "chase," with the shyster attempting to get the badman by automobile to Barstow, 120 miles away...However, for all its pattern plotting and its heavy reliance on the guns, it comes off a fairly taut picture in the outdoor action frame. Norman Panama, who, with Melvin Frank, produced it, directed it and helped to write the script, has seen to it that there's no waste motion and that the pressure is on all the time."[3]
Knowledge1: Cocktail (2012 film)  Cocktail is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy-drama film directed by Homi Adajania and written by Imtiaz Ali. It was produced by Saif Ali Khan and Dinesh Vijan on a budget of ₹35 crore. The film stars Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone, Diana Penty, Dimple Kapadia, Boman Irani and Randeep Hooda. The film score and soundtrack was composed by Pritam, Yo Yo Honey Singh and Salim–Sulaiman.  "Cocktail" was released theatrically worldwide on 13 July 2012 and became a commercial success, grossing ₹126 crore worldwide, and was one of the highest grossing Hindi films of 2012. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised the direction, soundtrack, humor and the performances of the cast, with particular praise directed towards Padukone and Penty's performances, proving to be a breakthrough for them. The film marked a significant turning point in Padukone's career, and elevated her position to the leading lady of Bollywood.   At the 58th Filmfare Awards, "Cocktail" received 4 nominations, including Best Actress (Padukone) and Best Female Debut (Penty). Cocktail (2010 film)  Cocktail is a 2010 Malayalam-language thriller film edited and directed by Arun Kumar Aravind. The film stars Jayasurya, Anoop Menon, and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles, while Fahadh Faasil, Aparna Nair, Innocent, and Mamukkoya play supporting roles. The film released on 22 October 2010.  The film was co-written by Anoop Menon and is an uncredited remake of the Canadian film "Butterfly on a Wheel". It was the directorial debut of film editor Arun Kumar. The film was remade in Tamil as "Athithi" (2014). [sep] Knowledge2: Cocktail (2012 film): Khalid Mohamed of Deccan Chronicle gave the film 3.5/5 stars, concluding that "Whatever the flaws and dips in energy-level, Cocktail is a feel-wonderful film. Shake it, stir it and get nicely woozy."[17] Meena Iyer of Times of India gave the film 3.5/5 stars, commenting that "What Cocktail should be truly applauded for is its permissiveness. As a film it breaks shackles and ushers in a new free spirit that Gen-Now will relate to."[18] Aniruddha Guha of DNA India gave the film 3.5/5 stars, stating that "The best thing about Cocktail is that it is as different as a film can get within a very conventional format. My favorite scene has Gautam talk to Veronica and Meera together about his feelings towards each of them. "Look. You love me. I love her. Let's sort this mess out." A rare moment in Hindi cinema!"[19] Anupama Chopra of Hindustan Times gave the film 3.5/5 stars, commenting that "This cocktail is full of fizz."[20]
Knowledge1: Mother and Child (2009 film)  Mother and Child is a 2009 drama directed and written by Rodrigo García. It premiered on September 14, 2009, at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and at the Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2010, and was the closing night selection within Maryland Film Festival 2010. It was given a limited release in the United States beginning May 7, 2010. [sep] Knowledge2: Mother and Child (2009 film): The film was met with generally positive reviews, with critics praising the standout performance of Annette Bening. It has a 78% approval rating based on 130 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes.[7] The site's critics consensus reads, "Though it occasionally veers into unnecessary melodrama, Mother and Child benefits from a stellar cast and writer-director Rodrigo Garcia's finely detailed, bravely unsentimental script."[7] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 64, indicating "generally favorable reviews."[8]
Knowledge1: The Pigskin Palooka is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 159th Our Gang short (160th episode, 70th talking short, and 71st talking episode) that was released.  Hugh Chapman, Dix Davis, Barry Downing, Roger McGee, Fred Walburn, Robert Winkler  Daniel Boone, John Collum, Charles Flickinger, Larry Harris, Paul Hilton, Darwood Kaye, Tommy McFarland, Donald Proffitt, Drew Roddy, Harold Switzer  Barry Downing, Bobby Callahan, Dix Davis, Floyd Fisher, Vincent Graeff, Payne B. Johnson, Henry Lee, Joe Levine, Priscilla Lyon, Drew Roddy, Norman Salling, Joe Straunch, Jr., Fred Walburn, Robert Winckler Carl Switzer as Alfalfa ; Darla Hood as Darla ; Eugene Lee as Porky ; George McFarland as Spanky ; Billie Thomas as Buckwheat ; Pete The Pup as Himself  The Pigskin Palooka  The Pigskin Palooka is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 159th "Our Gang" short (160th episode, 70th talking short, and 71st talking episode) that was released. [sep] Knowledge2: Gordon Douglas (director): Attempting to explain his prodigious directorial output, Douglas told Bertrand Tavernier, "I have a large family to feed, and it's only occasionally that I find a story that interests me".[6] ;  The Pigskin Palooka : Rascals and Pete;  The Pigskin Palooka : Length: One Reel Producer: Hal Roach Director: Gordon Douglas Photography: Art Lloyd Editor: William Ziegler Titles: None Writer: Hal Roach Released: October 23, 1937 Studio: M-G-M ;  The Pigskin Palooka : Plot: Alfalfa is away at military school, but he's been writing home and claming to be a big football hero to Darla, even dressing up in his "captain"'s uniform to pose for a photo to send to her. The truth of the matter is that he's never played the game at all. His deception backfires when he gets home and is asked to play on Spanky's football team. They've taken his stories at face value, calling him "The Tarzan of Football." Spike and his gang challenge the Rascals to a game of football. They try every attempt to stop Alfalfa from winning the game. Alfalfa himself tries to stay out of the game as much as possible. When he tosses his helmet in the air, it collides with the ball and keeps the other team from converting an extra point. However, despite his bumbling and every effort to keep from getting the ball, he does win the game with banana peels from Junior's lunch on the bench falling from his trousers and tripping the other team, making him the hero after all - even with the football stuck to his hand by chewing gum. Quotes: ;  The Pigskin Palooka : Notes/Trivia:
Knowledge1:  Public Opinion is a 1935 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Lois Wilson, Crane Wilbur and Shirley Grey.  Public Opinion is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Frank Reicher and stars Blanche Sweet. Margaret Turnbull provided the original screen story and scenario. Public Opinion is one of very few of Blanche Sweet's Paramount Pictures films still in existence. It is preserved by the Library of Congress. Public Opinion (1916 film)  Public Opinion is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Frank Reicher and stars Blanche Sweet. Margaret Turnbull provided the original screen story and scenario. "Public Opinion" is one of very few of Blanche Sweet's Paramount Pictures films still in existence. It is preserved by the Library of Congress. [sep] Knowledge2: Public Opinion (1935 film): Public Opinion is a 1935 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Lois Wilson, Crane Wilbur and Shirley Grey.[1] ; Public Opinion (1916 film): Public Opinion is a surviving 1916 American silent drama film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Frank Reicher and stars Blanche Sweet. Margaret Turnbull provided the original screen story and scenario. Public Opinion is one of very few of Blanche Sweet's Paramount Pictures films still in existence. It is preserved by the Library of Congress.[1][2][3][4] ; Public Opinion (1954 film): Public Opinion (French: Rumeur publique, Italian: Opinione pubblica) is a 1954 French-Italian drama film directed by Maurizio Corgnati and Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Daniel Gélin,  Delia Scala and Giulio Calì.[1]
Knowledge1:  Aybar served as director of the state of Florida's Latin American and Caribbean Basin Scholarship Program. He subsequently worked at the James F. Byrnes International Center at the University of South Carolina. Later, at Colorado Mountain College (CMC), he served as dean of the Vail/Eagle Valley campus. In addition to his administrative work at CMC, he led a great books discussion group for local residents. Aybar joined the administration of the City Colleges of Chicago in 2003, after completing his contract at CMC. From late 2003 to 2009, he served as Associate Vice Chancellor for Arts and Sciences. In this capacity he became the first in the City Colleges system to receive the "Administrator of the Year" award in 2004. Aybar was appointed president of Daley College in August 2009, [sep] Knowledge2: Rector (academia): In a few "Crown lands" of the Austrian Empire, one seat in the Landtag (regional legislature of semi-feudal type) was reserved for the rector of the capital's university, notably: Graz in Steiermark (Styria), Innsbruck in Tirol, Wien (Vienna) in Nieder-Österreich (Lower Austria); in Bohemia, two Rectors had seats in the equivalent Landesvertretung.[citation needed]
Knowledge1:  Day by Day (Spanish: Día tras día) is a 1951 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio del Amo. Shot in Madrid, it has certain characteristics similar to Italian neorealism. [sep] Knowledge2: Day by Day (film): Day by Day (Spanish:Día tras día) is a 1951 Spanish drama film directed by Antonio del Amo. Shot in Madrid, it has certain characteristics similar to Italian neorealism.[1] ; Day by Day (film): Two parishioners, Anselmo (Manuel Zarzo) and Ernesto (Mario Berriatúa), seek to straighten out their lives, and Father José (José Prada) helps them, and Luisa (Marisa de Leza), a girl, ends up in love with Ernesto. ; Day by Day (film): This article related to a Spanish film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Independence Day (1996 film)  Independence Day (also promoted as ID4) is a 1996 American science fiction action film directed by Roland Emmerich and written by Emmerich and Dean Devlin. It stars an ensemble cast that consists of Will Smith, Bill Pullman, Jeff Goldblum, Mary McDonnell, Judd Hirsch, Margaret Colin, Randy Quaid, Robert Loggia, James Rebhorn, and Harvey Fierstein. The film focuses on disparate groups of people who converge in the Nevada desert in the aftermath of a worldwide attack by a powerful extraterrestrial race. With the other people of the world, they launch a counterattack on July 4—Independence Day in the United States.  While promoting "Stargate" in Europe, Emmerich conceived the film while answering a question about his belief in the existence of alien life. Devlin and Emmerich decided to incorporate a large-scale attack having noticed that aliens in most invasion films travel long distances in outer space only to remain hidden when reaching Earth. Shooting began on July 28, 1995, in New York City, and the film was completed on October 8, 1995.  Considered a significant turning point in the history of the Hollywood blockbuster, "Independence Day" was at the forefront of the large-scale disaster film and sci-fi resurgence of the mid-late 1990s. It was released worldwide on July 3, 1996, but began showing on July 2 (the same day the film's story begins) in original release as a result of a high level of anticipation among moviegoers. The film received mixed reviews, with praise for the performances, musical score and visual effects but criticism for its characters. It grossed over $817.4 million worldwide,<ref name="BOM" /> becoming the highest-grossing film of 1996 and the second-highest-grossing film ever at the time, behind "Jurassic Park" (1993). The film won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound.  The sequel, "", was released 20 years later on June 24, 2016, as part of a planned series of films. [sep] Knowledge2: The Day After: Two different German DVD releases run at 122 and 115 minutes respectively; the edits reportedly downplay the Soviet Union's role.[15]
Knowledge1: Yves Ciampi  Yves Ciampi (; 9 February 1921 – 5 November 1982) was a French film director. He was married to Japanese actress Kishi Keiko from 1957 to 1975. His 1965 film "Heaven on One's Head" was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Prize. In 1969 he was a member of the jury at the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az: This article related to a French film of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  (TV Series: 1 episode, 1963) Director of Photography • Twilight of Honor (1963) Director of Photography • Soldier in the Rain (1963) Director of Photography • The Pink Panther (1963) Director of Photography • The Americanization of Emily (1964) as Philip Lathrop • 36 Hours (1964) • Girl Happy (1965) Director of Photography • The Cincinnati Kid (1965) Director of Photography • Never Too Late (1965) as Philip Lathrop • What Did You Do in the War, Daddy? (1966) Director of Photography • The Happening (1967) Director of Photography • Don't Make Waves (1967) • Gunn (1967) Director of Photography [sep] Knowledge2: Janusz Kamiński: Kamiński was married to actress Holly Hunter from 1995 until 2001. In 2004, he married ABC reporter Rebecca Rankin; they divorced in 2010.[12]
Knowledge1:  Bingo is a 1998 computer-animated short film directed by Chris Landreth. The short is based on the stage play Disregard This Play by the theater troupe The Neo Futurists. It uses surrealistic imagery and dialogue to tell the story of an ordinary man who is surrounded by characters who insist that he is someone named "Bingo the Clown" even though he is not. Eventually, the man is worn down by their unwavering insistence and comes to believe that he is Bingo the Clown. At the time of Bingo's creation, Landreth was employed as an animator at AliasWavefront, and the film was used to demonstrate the capabilities of the company's new Maya animation software. [sep] Knowledge2: Bingo (1991 film): Bingo is a 1991 American family comedy film directed by Matthew Robbins and released by TriStar Pictures.
Knowledge1: Big Dreams Little Tokyo is a 2006 feature-length motion picture written and directed by Dave Boyle. The film premiered November 2, 2006 at the AFI Festival in Hollywood, California and is released on DVD through Echo Bridge on July 22, 2008.  The film was the feature debut of Boyle who conceived the idea while living in the Japantown area of Sydney, Australia. Many of the characters in the film were based on people he met and interacted with while there. It was shot in the summer of 2005 in San Jose and San Francisco, California as well as Salt Lake City, Utah. Big Dreams Little Tokyo was produced by Duane Andersen and Megan Boyle.  Boyd is an American with an uncanny ability to speak Japanese. He aspires to succeed in the world of Japanese business but finds himself mostly on the outside looking in. Meanwhile, his roommate Jerome is a Japanese American who has always felt too American to be Japanese but too Japanese to be American. He aspires to be a sumo wrestler but finds his weight and blood pressure are thwarting his dreams. Together they struggle to find their place in a world where cultural identity is seldom what it seems. Big Dreams Little Tokyo  Big Dreams Little Tokyo is a 2006 feature-length motion picture written and directed by Dave Boyle. The film premiered November 2, 2006 at the AFI Festival in Hollywood, California and is released on DVD through Echo Bridge on July 22, 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Dave Boyle: Boyle's third film was Surrogate Valentine (2011),[1] which stars indie musician Goh Nakamura, Chadd Stoops, Lynn Chen, Mary Cavett, Joy Osmanski and Parry Shen, and which screened at a number of film festivals, including SXSW (South by Southwest Film Festival). The film also won a Grand Jury Award for Best Narrative Feature at the 2011 San Diego Asian Film Festival.[5][6][7] The film also won an Audience Award for Best Narrative Feature at the 2011 San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival, and star Goh Nakamura received a Special Jury Prize from the Dallas International Film Festival for "Special Achievement in Acting."[8]
Knowledge1: A Rowboat Romance is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. A Rowboat Romance  A Rowboat Romance is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. [sep] Knowledge2: A Rowboat Romance: A Rowboat Romance is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle.[2] ; A Rowboat Romance: This 1910s short comedy film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Young People is a 1972 Hong Kong coming-of-age action drama film directed by Chang Cheh and starring David Chiang, Ti Lung, Chen Kuan-tai, Irene Chan and pop singer Agnes Chan, the younger sister of Irene Chan, in her debut film role.  Young People is a 1940 American musical drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Shirley Temple and Jack Oakie. [sep] Knowledge2: John Waters: Bidle later said: "We are polar opposites when it comes to our politics, religious beliefs. But that's what I loved about the whole trip. It was two people able to agree to disagree and still move on and have a great time. I think that's what America's all about."[57]
Knowledge1:  The Kiss is a 1958 short film written and produced by John Hayes. It was the first major film by Hayes, who would go on to find fame as the writer, producer, and director of B-movie genre films such as Garden of the Dead. The film was nominated for the 1958 Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film but lost to Disney's Grand Canyon. [sep] Knowledge2: The Kiss (1929 film): The film featured a theme song entitled "Romeo and Juliet (Love Theme)" which was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Knowledge1: camera as a vocal coach for director/producer Otto Preminger. In 1962, she became a naturalized citizen of the United States. A successful Los Angeles businesswoman, in 1999, she re-established Belvedere Film as a Los Angeles/Vienna-based production company with her son, Robert. She was executive producer of the award-winning dramatic short film, Semmelweis (2001), the spy-comedy, Wilson Chance (2005), and several works in progress at the time of her death, including the documentary Felix Austria! aka The Archduke and Herbert Hinkel (2013), and a screen adaptation (with her son) of the antiwar Austrian novel, Mars im Widder by Alexander Lernet-Holenia. Recognized internationally for her unique work as [sep] Knowledge2: Circumstantial Evidence (1929 film): Circumstantial Evidence (German: Indizienbeweis) is a 1929 German silent crime film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Fritz Alberti, Ruth Weyher, Valy Arnheim and Henry Edwards.[1] It is based on the 1886 novel Vendetta by Marie Corelli. Countess Romani grows bored of her life in Corsica and wishes to go elsewhere. It is also known by the alternative title Vendetta. It premiered on 15 February 1929.[2]
Knowledge1:  The film opens up as a young prosecutor is handed her toughest assignment: a truck driver charged with reckless driving. She has to prove that he was negligent and kept falling asleep at the wheel. After crashing his semi into a sports car, his rig turns over, gas starts leaking out and a fire ensues, shutting down the lights in the long tunnel. Unfortunately, due to the long size of the tunnel, or tube as it is known, it was impossible for rescue personnel to get in the tunnel to give adequate medical attention to the people seriously injured. There are several flashbacks, where survivors recall the accident, including a grieving father named Giuseppe Paoletti, portrayed by Flavio Insinna, an Italian family man who is driving his wife and son to Austria, who emotionally describes his account of what happened after the accident. There are several twists and turns throughout the story. [sep] Knowledge2: Accident (1967 film): In his review upon the film's release, New York Times critic Bosley Crowther called Accident "a sad little story of a wistful don ... neither strong drama nor stinging satire."[8]
Knowledge1: Fingers is a 1978 American crime drama film directed by James Toback. The film is about a troubled young man being pulled between his mob father and his mentally disturbed pianist mother.  Jimmy "Fingers" Angelelli (Harvey Keitel) is a brilliant young pianist who also works as a debt collector for his father Ben (Michael V. Gazzo), a local loan shark. Wherever Jimmy goes, he always carries a stereo with him, playing classic rock from the 1950s and 1960s. While trying to concentrate on an upcoming recital interview at Carnegie Hall, Jimmy loses focus when he falls for a woman named Carol (Tisa Farrow). He gets further sidetracked when collecting a large debt from a mafioso named Riccamonza (Tony Sirico), who eventually threatens Ben's life. This forces Jimmy to seek retribution. Fingers (1978 film)  Fingers is a 1978 American crime drama film directed by James Toback. The film is about a troubled young man being pulled between his mob father and his mentally disturbed pianist mother. [sep] Knowledge2: Fingers (1941 film): Fingers is a 1941 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason, produced by A.M.Salomon for Warner Bros and starring Clifford Evans, Leonora Corbett and Esmond Knight.[1] Its plot involves a London jeweller and fence for stolen goods who falls in love and tries to reform.
Knowledge1: The Girl in Mourning (La niña de luto) is a 1964 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Summers. It was entered into the 1964 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as the Spanish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 37th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. [sep] Knowledge2: David Fincher: The film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects.[24] Years later, Fincher publicly expressed his dismay and subsequently disowned the film. In the book Director's Cut: Picturing Hollywood in the 21st Century, Fincher blames the producers for their lack of trust in him.[25] In an interview with The Guardian in 2009, he stated, "No one hated it more than me; to this day, no one hates it more than me."[26] ; David Fincher: In North America, the film earned $96.4 million. In other countries, it grossed $100 million for a worldwide $196.4 million.[52] Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle praised the filmmakers for their "fair degree of ingenuity... for 88 minutes of excitement" and the convincing performance given by Foster.[53] Fincher acknowledged Panic Room for being more mainstream, describing the film, "It's supposed to be a popcorn movie—there are no great, overriding implications. It's just about survival."[54] ; David Fincher: Filming started in November 2006 in New Orleans, taking advantage of Louisiana's film incentive.[63] The film was theatrically released on December 25, 2008, in the United States to a commercial success and warm reception.[64][65] Writing for the USA Today, Claudia Puig praises the "graceful and poignant" tale despite it being "overlong and not as emotionally involving as it could be".[66] The film received thirteen Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Fincher, Best Actor for Pitt, and Best Supporting Actress for Taraji P. Henson, and won three, for Best Art Direction, Best Makeup, and Best Visual Effects.[67] ; Roman Polanski: The film's themes, situations, visual motifs, and effects clearly reflect the influence of early surrealist cinema as well as horror movies of the 1950s—particularly Luis Buñuel's Un chien Andalou, Jean Cocteau's The Blood of a Poet, Henri-Georges Clouzot's Diabolique and Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho. ; Roman Polanski: It was nominated for 11 Academy Awards, including those for actors Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway. Robert Towne won for Best Original Screenplay. It also had actor-director John Huston in a supporting role,[53] and was the last film Polanski directed in the United States. In 1991, the film was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant" and it is frequently listed as among the best in world cinema.[54][55][56]
Knowledge1: September (1987 film)  September is a 1987 drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film is modeled on Anton Chekhov's 1899 play "Uncle Vanya", though the gender roles are often subverted.  Allen's intention for" September" was that it be like "a play on film," hence the great number of long takes and few camera effects. The film does not use Allen as an actor, and is one of his straightforwardly dramatic films. The cast includes Mia Farrow, Sam Waterston, Dianne Wiest, Elaine Stritch, Jack Warden, and Denholm Elliott.  Critical response to "September" was generally lukewarm. September (2007 film)  September is a 2007 Australian drama film, directed by Peter Carstairs and produced by John Polson. Set in Western Australia's wheatbelt in 1968 (though filmed at Harden, New South Wales), it stars Xavier Samuel and Clarence John Ryan as two teenagers whose interracial friendship struggles to withstand the expectations of their community. The film sensitively documents the disparity and discrimination faced by the country's Aboriginal people. [sep] Knowledge2: September (1987 film): September is a 1987 drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film is modeled on Anton Chekhov's 1899 play Uncle Vanya, though the gender roles are often subverted.[2] ; September (1987 film): Allen's intention for September was that it be like "a play on film," hence the great number of long takes and few camera effects. The film does not use Allen as an actor, and is one of his straightforwardly dramatic films. The cast includes Mia Farrow, Sam Waterston, Dianne Wiest, Elaine Stritch, Jack Warden, and Denholm Elliott. ; September (1987 film): September has a 63% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes from 16 reviews.[4] ; September (2007 film): The Australian's Evan Williams gave it 3 1/2 stars, stating "September is a delicate, touching and deceptively modest film about friendship and racial tensions in a remote West Australian community in the 1960s. "[5] The Sun Herald's Rob Lowing gave it 7/10 saying "it is a delicate movie to be savoured, and admired for its rewarding last-minute plot moves."[6] Writing in Variety Russell Edwards gave it a positive capsual review, stating the "script skillfully draws together its disparate elements and is powerful enough to transcend the film’s considerable limitations."[7] ; September (2007 film): In 2008, the film was nominated for the ASSG Feature Film Soundtrack of the Year award.[9] It also won for Jules O'Loughlin the IF Award for Best Cinematography, as well as a nomination for Sam Hobbs (Best Production Design).[10]
Knowledge1:  The Returning is a 1990 Australia-New Zealand horror film directed by John Day. [sep] Knowledge2: The Return (2024 film): The project marks the first time Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche appear together since the 1996 Oscar winner The English Patient.[4] In February 2023, Charlie Plummer and Marwan Kenzari were added to the cast.[5][6]
Knowledge1: Vanity is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Jane Cain, Percy Marmont and John Counsell. The plot concerns a conceited actress, convinced of the general adoration in which she is held, faking her own death in order to gratify herself by observing the depth of grief caused by her demise. However the actual reactions to the "news" prove to be far from what she had expected.  Vanity (Italian:Vanità) is a 1947 Italian historical melodrama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Walter Chiari, Liliana Laine and Dina Galli. The film is based on a play by Carlo Bertolazzi. Chiari was awarded a Nastro d'Argento for best debut performance. It was made at the Icet Studios in Milan. The film is set in nineteenth century Milan. [sep] Knowledge2: Vanity (2015 film): Vanity (French: La Vanité) is a 2015 French / Swiss drama film directed by Lionel Baier.[1] ; Vanity (1947 film): Vanity (Italian:Vanità) is a 1947 Italian historical melodrama film directed by Giorgio Pastina and starring Walter Chiari, Liliana Laine and Dina Galli. The film is based on a play by Carlo Bertolazzi. Chiari was awarded a Nastro d'Argento for best debut performance.[1] It was made at the Icet Studios in Milan. ; Vanity (1947 film): The film is set in nineteenth century Milan.
Knowledge1: Ghost (1990 film)  Ghost is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film directed by Jerry Zucker from a screenplay by Bruce Joel Rubin, and starring Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Whoopi Goldberg, Tony Goldwyn, Vincent Schiavelli, and Rick Aviles. The plot centers on Sam Wheat (Swayze), a murdered banker, whose ghost sets out to save his girlfriend, Molly Jensen (Moore), from the person who killed him – through the help of the psychic Oda Mae Brown (Goldberg).  "Ghost" was theatrically released on July 13, 1990, to commercial success, grossing $505 million against a budget of $22–23 million and emerging as the highest-grossing film of 1990 and at the time of its release, was the third-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise going towards the score and performances of the cast. "Ghost" earned five nominations at the 63rd Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Original Score, Best Film Editing, and winning Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay for Rubin. [sep] Knowledge2: Ghost (1990 film): Ghost was theatrically released on July 13, 1990, to commercial success, grossing $505 million against a budget of $22–23 million and emerging as the highest-grossing film of 1990 and at the time of its release, was the third-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, with particular praise going towards the score and performances of the cast. Ghost earned five nominations at the 63rd Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Original Score, Best Film Editing, and winning Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay for Rubin. ; Ghost (1990 film): The film became an unexpected box-office success,[25][26][27][28] grossing $505.7 million on a budget of between $22–23 million.[29][30] It was the highest-grossing film of 1990.[31] Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 51.46 million tickets in the US.[32] It spent eight consecutive weeks at number one at the UK box office[33] and became the highest-grossing film of all time in the UK surpassing E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial with a gross of £23.3 million. That record would last for three years before getting surpassed by Jurassic Park in 1993.[34][35] It also spent six consecutive weeks atop the Australian box office.[36] It was also the highest-grossing film in Indonesia at the time with a gross of $3.6 million[37] and the highest-grossing foreign film in the Philippines.[38] ; Ghost (1990 film): The film inspired a musical stage version, Ghost: The Musical. The show had its world premiere in Manchester, UK, in March 2011[65] before transferring to London from June 2011 and having its premiere on July 19, 2011.[66] On November 13, 2010, Paramount and Shochiku released a Japanese remake of Ghost, titled Ghost: In Your Arms Again (ゴースト もういちど抱きしめたい, Gōsuto Mouichido Dakishimetai).[67] The remake stars Nanako Matsushima, South Korean actor Song Seung-heon, and veteran actress Kirin Kiki.[68] In this film, the ghost is a woman, played by Matsushima. ; Ghost (1990 film): On January 17, 2023, it was revealed by Vanity Fair that Channing Tatum and his company, Free Association, has the rights to the film from Paramount and announced his plans to produce, and star in, a remake of the film with him playing Swayze's role.[69] ; Ghost (2023 film): Ghost is a 2023 Indian Kannada-language action heist thriller film directed by M. G. Srinivas and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj under Sandesh Production.[4] The film stars Shiva Rajkumar, Jayaram, Anupam Kher, Prashant Narayanan, Satya Prakash, and Archana Jois. It is the first installment of a cinematic universe where M. G Srinivas will be reprising his role as Mahesh Das from Birbal Trilogy Case 1: Finding Vajramuni.[5] In the film, an anonymous gangster called "Big Daddy" hijacks a prison to steal hidden gold bars recovered during a CBI raid, but ACP Chengappa arrives to stop Big Daddy from executing his plans.
Knowledge1: Arthur Huntington Nason, 1916–1932 ; no director, 1932–1946 ; Jean B. Barr (interim director), 1946–1952 ; Filmore Hyde, 1952–1957 ; Wilbur McKee, acting director, 1957–1958 ; William B. Harvey, 1958–1966 ; Christopher Kentera, 1966–1974 ; Malcolm C. Johnson, 1974–1981 ; Colin Jones, 1981–1996 ; Niko Pfund, 1996–2000 ; Steve Maikowski, 2001–2014 ; Ellen Chodosh, 2014–present [sep] Knowledge2: Walter Hill: "Hollywood forgives a lot when you have a hit," said Hill. "I don't know what to say about it, other than the fact that it was just a gift in terms of getting it. The studio hated it, and didn't even want to release it. There was a lot of friction with management at the time. Some of it might have been my fault."[25] ; Walter Hill: The film was critically acclaimed but, in Hill's words, it "didn't make a... nickel anywhere. Foreign, domestic, anything... I was proud of the film... But I was disappointed in the lack of response. It was a universal audience failure... Usually you can say they loved it in Japan or something. I don't think anybody loved it anywhere."[32]
Knowledge1: Hiroyuki Imaishi [sep] Knowledge2: The Key (1958 film): The Key is a 1958 British-American war film set in 1941 during the Battle of the Atlantic. It was based on the 1951 novel Stella [de] by Jan de Hartog (later republished as The Distant Shore and The Key) and was directed by Sir Carol Reed. William Holden, Sophia Loren and Trevor Howard starred in the production. ; The Key (1958 film): At first, David refuses to move in. When he eventually does, he is surprised that Stella does not share his bed, but as time goes by, she falls in love with him, unlike the others. She puts away her photograph of Philip, gets rid of the uniforms of David's predecessors, and takes off the wedding ring. She also leaves her flat for the first time since Philip was killed. Finally, she asks David to marry her, and he gladly accepts. ; The Key (1958 film): A biography of director Carol Reed by Peter William Evans supports the latter contention. It asserts that the original ending released in Europe had David missing the train, and that Reed intended to convey that his vow to find Stella has no more substance than "the steam in which both they and the moving train are shrouded." Evans adds that the happy ending of David catching the train was made for U.S. audiences and was a more "conventional conclusion."[6] ; The Key (1958 film): Kinematograph Weekly listed it as being "in the money" at the British box office in 1958.[8] It was one of the twelve most popular films in Britain that year.[9] ; The Key (1958 film): It made $2.2 million in North America in rentals.[10]
Knowledge1:  In April 1945 Warner Bros bought the film rights as a vehicle for Barbara Stanwyck. Catherine Turney was assigned to do the script and Dennis Morgan announced as co star. The film took a while to be made. In March 1946, Errol Flynn was announced as co star and Peter Godfrey as director. The movie was a "Thomson Production", i.e. made through Flynn's company at Warner Bros. Two of the supporting cast were from the New York stage, Geraldine Brooks and Richard Basehart, and had just been put under contract by Warner Bros. (Basehart had given an acclaimed stage performance in The Hasty Heart.) [sep] Knowledge2: The Wolf of Wall Street (2013 film): Dana Stevens of Slate was more critical, calling the film "epic in size, claustrophobically narrow in scope."[69] Marshall Fine of The Huffington Post argued that the story "wants us to be interested in characters who are dull people to start with, made duller by their delusions of being interesting because they are high".[70] Some critics viewed the film as an irresponsible glorification of Belfort and his associates rather than a satirical takedown. DiCaprio defended the film, arguing that it does not glorify the excessive lifestyle it depicts.[71][72]
Knowledge1:  Mates was educated at Marlborough College, an independent school in the market town of Marlborough in Wiltshire. He left Marlborough at the age of 16 to take A-levels at Farnham College in Farnham in Surrey and then studied at the University of Leeds from which he graduated, in 1983, with a degree in International History and Politics. During that time he had spent his 1981 summer vacation working as a researcher for Republican Senator John Tower on the Senate Armed Services Committee. [sep] Knowledge2: Mates (film): Mates or  Maten  is a 1999 Dutch TV film directed by Pieter Verhoeff. ; Mates (film): This article related to a Dutch film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The Valley (الوادي; al-wadi) is a 2014 Lebanese drama film written and directed by Ghassan Salhab. It was selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival and received its world premiere on 4 September 2014. [sep] Knowledge2: The Valley (1976 film): The Valley is a 1976 short film made by a then fifteen-year-old Peter Jackson with his friends.[1][2] It was strongly influenced by the films of Ray Harryhausen. It was filmed silent on a Super 8 camera and was shown on the children's television show Spot On. ; The Valley (1976 film): The Valley is about four prospectors who walk into a valley and unwittingly enter a rift in the time/space continuum. As they journey down the valley, one of the prospectors (Ian Middleton) gets taken away by a harpy. Another prospector (Peter Jackson) falls off a cliff. The two remaining (Ken Hammon and Andrew Neal) have to fight and destroy a cyclops. They build a raft, float across a lake, and see a building in ruins. This ruin, unbeknownst to them, is the Beehive building of Wellington city – they have not travelled back in time but ahead into a post-apocalyptic world taken over by mythical beasts. ; The Valley (2014 film): The Valley (Arabic: الوادي; al-wadi) is a 2014 Lebanese drama film written and directed by Ghassan Salhab. It was selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival and received its world premiere on 4 September 2014.[1]
Knowledge1: Per amare Ofelia (internationally released as To Love Ophelia) is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini. It is the debut film of Renato Pozzetto, and for his performance he won a Silver Ribbon for Best New Actor. [sep] Knowledge2: Per amare Ofelia: Per amare Ofelia è un film commedia italiano del 1974, diretto da Flavio Mogherini, che segna il debutto cinematografico di Renato Pozzetto.[1] ; Per amare Ofelia: Si è classificato al 20º posto tra i primi 100 film di maggior successo della stagione cinematografica italiana 1973-1974.[4]
Knowledge1: A detective investigating the death of an aristocrat eventually deduces he was murdered by his secretary.  The Loudwater Mystery is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Gregory Scott, Pauline Peters and Clive Brook. It was based on the 1920 novel The Loudwater Mystery by Edgar Jepson. The Loudwater Mystery (film)  The Loudwater Mystery is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Gregory Scott, Pauline Peters and Clive Brook. It was based on the 1920 novel "The Loudwater Mystery" by Edgar Jepson. The Loudwater Mystery  The Loudwater Mystery may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: The Loudwater Mystery (film): The Loudwater Mystery is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Gregory Scott, Pauline Peters and Clive Brook.[2] It was based on the 1920 novel The Loudwater Mystery by Edgar Jepson. ; The Loudwater Mystery (film): A detective investigating the death of an aristocrat eventually deduces he was murdered by his secretary. ; The Loudwater Mystery (film): This article related to a British film of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Loudwater Mystery: The Loudwater Mystery may refer to:
Knowledge1: James Burrows  James Edward Burrows (born December 30, 1940), sometimes known as Jim "Jimmy" Burrows, is an American television director who has been working in television since the 1970s. Burrows has directed over 50 television pilots and co-created the long-running television series "Cheers". He has also formed 3 Sisters Entertainment, a joint venture with NBC that is known for "Will & Grace" as well as the CBS Productions show "Caroline in the City".  In 2016, Burrows directed his 1,000th TV episode, on NBC's "Crowded". [sep] Knowledge2: William A. Wellman: During the filming of Beggars of Life (1928), a silent film starring Wallace Beery, Richard Arlen and Louise Brooks, sound was added to Beery's introductory scene at the behest of Paramount Studio. Wellman reportedly hung a microphone from a broom so Beery could walk and talk within the scene, avoiding the static shot required for early sound shoots.[15] During the filming of Chinatown Nights (1929), he sat under the camera on a dolly with the mic between his legs, essentially inventing a shotgun mic.[19]
Knowledge1:  It looks like he is going to make up with Tiana but she leaves him again after they sleep together. Hakeem is given an opportunity to act in a film alongside well known actress, Haven Quinn (Cassie Ventura). Unfortunately for Hakeem, the director is racist and ends up firing him after they have an argument. Haven, who was initially hostile to Hakeem, is impressed by him standing up to the director and makes it clear she likes him. Hakeem invites her to an Empire event and they kiss in front of Tiana. Hakeem and Blake fall out when Hakeem learns that Blake's father is a racist and a picture [sep] Knowledge2:  Hakeem's New Flame :   Moesha"Hakeem's New Flame"     Season Number     1 14      Air date May 21, 1996   Written by Ralph Farquhar, Sara V. Finney, and Vida Spears   Directed by Stan Lathan    Episode guide   Previous Next     "Baby Love" "The List"      ;  Hakeem's New Flame : The "Hakeem's New Flame" is the fourteenth episode of Moesha and the fourteenth episode of season 1. It first aired on May 21, 1996.
Knowledge1: Just Like Us premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival. Its theatrical premiere was on June 6, 2011 in Los Angeles.  Just Like Us features an original score by Omar Fadel, as well as licensed tracks from, Fredwreck, MC Rai, and Tom Morello's Street Sweeper Social Club.  Just Like Us is a 2010 documentary about a comedy tour of international comedians throughout the middle east. Directed by Egyptian-American actor/comedian, Ahmed Ahmed, the film premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival. Ahmed Ahmed ; Whitney Cummings ; Omid Djalili ; Erik Griffin ; Maz Jobrani ; Tom Papa ; Ted Alexandro ; Sebastian Maniscalco ; Angelo Tsarouchas ; Tommy Davidson [sep] Knowledge2: And Just Like That...: After the first-season episode in which Chris Noth's character dies following a Peloton bike workout, the stock for the company dropped significantly.[61] The company issued a statement through Suzanne Steinbaum, a cardiologist and member of the company's health and wellness advisory, saying that they agreed to the product placement but were not aware of how it would be used in the pivotal scene. The statement also said not to blame the company for the character's death, and cited some contributing factors, such as his lifestyle (e.g., his consumption of steaks and cigars) and a cardiac surgery in a previous season.[62] Three days after the episode aired, the company released an ad, featuring Chris Noth and narrated by Ryan Reynolds, with Reynolds quickly citing the benefits of cycling and ending with "He's alive."[63] Four days later, the ad was removed after sexual assault allegations were reported against Chris Noth.[64]
Knowledge1: A Helpful Sisterhood is a 1914 American film directed by Van Dyke Brooke. Rebecca Holden ; Chuck Wagner ; Lynn-Holly Johnson ; Barbara Patrick ; Robert Dryer ; Henry Strzalkowski ; David Light ; Jim Moss ; Anthony East ; Tom McNeeley  A Helpful Sisterhood  A Helpful Sisterhood is a 1914 American film directed by Van Dyke Brooke. [sep] Knowledge2:  Tibby Rollins : Other issues arise and put off their return. Tibby plans a trip to Greece where they will have a reunion after two years apart so she can break the news. Tibby gets there before the girls and dies under mysterious circumstances. It seems she may have committed suicide, and the other best friends are devastated. However, Bridget goes to Australia and learns the truth about Bailey and the disease, and they piece together that Tibby had suffered an accidental drowning due to her condition. Brian has made money in technology, and Tibby bought a compound where the girls and their love interests can all live together with Brian and Bailey.
Knowledge1: Yasuhiro Takemoto [sep] Knowledge2: Panic (2000 film): The film received critical acclaim from critics, and holds a 91% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 56 reviews, with a consensus stating "This quirky little film about a gangster in therapy feels fresh and well-crafted."[4] Roger Ebert gave the film four stars out of four.[5] Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half stars but praised the acting, calling it "excellent."[6] Lisa Nesselson of Variety wrote "Pic’s title implies frenzy and wild activity, but the film’s charm evolves from its measured, unhurried rhythms, and originality from the tone: quirky yet convincing, irreverent yet moral."[7]
Knowledge1: Victory (2009 film)  Victory is a 2009 Indian cricket-based sports film starring Harman Baweja, Amrita Rao and Anupam Kher. It is Harman Baweja's second release after his debut film "Love Story 2050", which performed very badly at the box office. The movie was filmed in Australia and India. "Victory" tells the story of a struggling cricketer who defies all odds to realise an almost impossible dream. [sep] Knowledge2: Victory (1996 film): Victory is a 1996 French-German drama suspense film written and directed by Mark Peploe and starring Willem Dafoe, Irène Jacob, Sam Neill and Rufus Sewell. It is based on the 1915 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad.[1] ; Victory (1996 film): The principal photography of the movie were done at Situbondo and Asembagus regency in East Java, Indonesia. Some depiction of old Surabaya were also done in the same place.[citation needed] ; Victory (1940 film): Victory is a 1940 American adventure film directed by John Cromwell and starring Fredric March, Cedric Hardwicke and Betty Field. It was based on the popular 1915 novel by Joseph Conrad. On the eve of the American entry into World War II, Conrad's story of a hermit on an island invaded by thugs was refashioned into a call for intervention in the war in Europe at the height of American isolationism. ; Victory (1940 film): Harrison's Reports called the film "[a] strong but somewhat sordid drama, suitable only for adults. The direction is skillful, the acting realistic, and the production values good; but the story is somewhat brutal."[16] ; Victory (1940 film): John Mosher of The New Yorker called the film "definitely expert, with a proper allotment of excitement and atmosphere," although he found the later scenes "too bald" in their simplification of the novel.[18]
Knowledge1: Not So Long Ago is a 1925 American silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and Adolph Zukor and distributed by Paramount. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Betty Bronson and Ricardo Cortez in the leading roles. This is a lost film. Not So Long Ago  Not So Long Ago is a 1925 American silent drama film produced by Jesse Lasky and Adolph Zukor and distributed by Paramount. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Betty Bronson and Ricardo Cortez in the leading roles. [sep] Knowledge2: Jim Jarmusch: During a 1989 interview Jarmusch commented on his narrative focus, "I'd rather make a movie about a guy walking his dog than about the emperor of China."[91]
Knowledge1: Kluczewsko is a village in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kluczewsko. It lies approximately 9 km north of Włoszczowa and 50 km west of the regional capital Kielce. The village has a population of 806. Kluczewsko  Kluczewsko is a village in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kluczewsko. It lies approximately north of Włoszczowa and west of the regional capital Kielce.  The village has a population of 806. [sep] Knowledge2: Kluczewsko: Kluczewsko [kluˈt͡ʂɛfskɔ] is a village in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kluczewsko. It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north of Włoszczowa and 50 km (31 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce.[1] ; Brzeście, Gmina Kluczewsko: 50°53′55″N 19°55′48″E﻿ / ﻿50.89861°N 19.93000°E﻿ / 50.89861; 19.93000
Knowledge1:  to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ (Romans 1:1-7, ESV)."According to the Apostle Paul, the unjust death of the Son of God and His resurrection from the dead result in grace, peace, and an increasing faithful obedience among all nations through the proclamation of the Gospel. The Kingdom of the Son of David, Jesus Christ, is portrayed in the New Testament as being current as He reigns at the right hand of the Father (Hebrews 8:1; Revelation 2:26-27; 20:4-6). It should be no surprise to anyone familiar with the Scriptures that the Throne of the LORD is the [sep] Knowledge2: Jesus: Observing a Passover custom of the time, Pilate allows one prisoner chosen by the crowd to be released. He gives the people a choice between Jesus and a murderer called Barabbas (בר-אבא or Bar-abbâ, "son of the father", from the common given name Abba: 'father').[265] Persuaded by the elders,[266] the mob chooses to release Barabbas and crucify Jesus.[267] Pilate writes a sign in Hebrew, Latin, and Greek that reads "Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews" (abbreviated as INRI in depictions) to be affixed to Jesus' cross,[268][269] then scourges Jesus and sends him to be crucified. The soldiers place a crown of thorns on Jesus' head and ridicule him as the King of the Jews. They beat and taunt him before taking him to Calvary,[270] also called Golgotha, for crucifixion.[253][255][271]
Knowledge1: Bolsheustyikinskoye (Большеустьикинское, Оло Ыҡтамаҡ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Mechetlinsky District in Bashkortostan, Russia. It is located near the Ay River. Population: Bolsheustyikinskoye  Bolsheustyikinskoye (, ) is a rural locality (a "selo") and the administrative centre of Mechetlinsky District in Bashkortostan, Russia. It is located near the Ay River. Population: [sep] Knowledge2: October Revolution: The Bolsheviks created a revolutionary military committee within the Petrograd soviet, led by the Soviet's president, Leon Trotsky. The committee included armed workers, sailors, and soldiers, and assured the support or neutrality of the capital's garrison. The committee methodically planned to occupy strategic locations through the city, almost without concealing their preparations: the Provisional Government's President Kerensky was himself aware of them; and some details, leaked by Lev Kamenev and Grigory Zinoviev, were published in newspapers.[24][25]
Knowledge1: Dmitriyev (Дми́триев), also known as Dmitriyev-Lgovsky (Дми́триев-Льго́вский), is a town and the administrative center of Dmitriyevsky District of Kursk Oblast, Russia, located on the Svapa River (Dnieper's basin), on the Moscow–Kyiv highway, 159 km northwest of Kursk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population:  Within the framework of administrative divisions, Dmitriyev serves as the administrative center of Dmitriyevsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Dmitriyevsky District as the town of district significance of Dmitriyev. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Dmitriyev is incorporated within Dmitriyevsky Municipal District as Dmitriyev Urban Settlement.  During World War II, Dmitriyev was occupied by German troops from October 8, 1941 to March 2, 1943. Dmitriyev (town)  Dmitriyev (), also known as Dmitriyev-Lgovsky (), is a town and the administrative center of Dmitriyevsky District of Kursk Oblast, Russia, located on the Svapa River (Dnieper's basin), on the Moscow–Kyiv highway, northwest of Kursk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: [sep] Knowledge2: Dmitriyev (town): Dmitriyev (Russian: Дми́триев), also known as Dmitriyev-Lgovsky (Дми́триев-Льго́вский),[7] is a town and the administrative center of Dmitriyevsky District of Kursk Oblast, Russia, located on the Svapa River (Dnieper's basin), on the Moscow–Kyiv highway, 159 kilometers (99 mi) northwest of Kursk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 6,317 (2021 Census);[8] 7,728 (2010 Census);[2] 8,838 (2002 Census);[9] 11,187 (1989 Census).[10] ; Dmitriyev (town): Dmitriev's Coat of Arms was confirmed and took into force on 8 January 1780. The author of the symbol is the president of the heraldic office Volkov. The Coat of Arms is visually attractive and has a lot of symbolic meaning related to Dmitriev's history and beautiful nature. ; Dmitriyev (town): During World War II, Dmitriyev was occupied by German troops from October 8, 1941 to March 2, 1943. ; Dmitriyev (town): Within the framework of administrative divisions, Dmitriyev serves as the administrative center of Dmitriyevsky District.[1] As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Dmitriyevsky District as the town of district significance of Dmitriyev.[1] As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Dmitriyev is incorporated within Dmitriyevsky Municipal District as Dmitriyev Urban Settlement.[4] ; Yury Dmitriev: Gold Cross of Merit, Poland (2015)
Knowledge1: Idi Rayeuk  Idi Rayeuk is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of East Aceh Regency. [sep] Knowledge2: Idi Rayeuk: Idi Rayeuk is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of East Aceh Regency. ; Idi Rayeuk: Idi Rayeuk has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with moderate rainfall from February to August and heavy rainfall from September to January.  ; Idi Rayeuk: 4°56′N 97°47′E﻿ / ﻿4.933°N 97.783°E﻿ / 4.933; 97.783 ; Idi Rayeuk: Idi Rayeuk is a town in Aceh province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of East Aceh Regency.
Knowledge1: of the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents. When Hamm's script was rewritten, the scene was deleted, reducing it to a photo in the Gotham Globe newspaper seen in the film. Warner Bros. was less willing to move forward on development, despite their enthusiasm for Hamm's script, which Kane greeted with positive feedback. Hamm's script was then bootlegged at various comic book stores in the United States. Batman was finally given the greenlight to commence pre-production in April 1988, after the success of Burton's Beetlejuice (1988). When comic book fans found out about Burton directing the film with Michael Keaton starring in the lead role, controversy arose over the [sep] Knowledge2: Death of a Batman: "Death of a Batman" is the fifth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Honor Blackman. It was first broadcast by ABC on 26 October 1963. The episode was directed by Kim Mills and written by Roger Marshall.[2] ; The Batman (film): The film earned $66.6 million from 76 markets other than the US and Canada in its sophomore weekend for a drop of 42%, including a $3.2 million opening in Japan.[351] The film reached the $500 million-milestone on March 17, becoming the eighth pandemic-era film to do so, while also becoming Warner Bros.' highest-grossing film during the pandemic.[350][352] In its third weekend, it made $49.1 million in countries other than the US and Canada, a drop of 46%.[353] In China, it opened to a $11.8 million weekend according to Artisan Gateway while 30–43% of the theaters were closed, the best opening in the country for an American film in 2022, acquiring the top position at the box office.[354] It grossed $25.3 million during the fourth weekend for a fall of 49%,[355] including $3.1 million in China, where it was displaced by Moonfall.[355][356] It crossed the $750 million-milestone on April 17, becoming the fifth pandemic-era film to do so, with the largest running-total countries being the United Kingdom ($53.2 million), Mexico ($30.7 million), Australia ($27 million), France ($25.9 million), Brazil ($22.6 million), China ($22.5 million), Germany ($18.9 million), Spain ($11.8 million), Italy ($11.2 million), and Japan ($10 million).[349][357] ; The Batman (film): The New Yorker's Richard Brody gave a more critical review, praising the first two hours of the film and the "intricacy of the movie's intertwined plots", but ultimately criticized the characters, as he felt that they were "reduced to a handful of traits and a backstory, defined solely by their function in the plot", which he felt had diminished the climax; his opinions of the climax were similar to that of Nayman's. He also liked the film's visual aesthetic and felt that the Batmobile car chase scene had culminated in its "money shot".[367] However, Ann Hornaday from The Washington Post rated the film 1.5 out of 4 stars, criticizing the film for its dark visuals and its lengthy runtime, calling it "yet another lugubrious, laboriously grim slog masquerading as a fun comic book movie." She thought the film's plot developments had relied too much on speeches and dialogue rather than action, though she had expressed some approval for Pattinson's performance, calling it evocative of Clint Eastwood, Johnny Depp's performance as Edward Scissorhands in Edward Scissorhands (1990), Kurt Cobain, and Crispin Glover, and felt the film's influences were eclectic, ranging from "sources as diverse as film noir, Scandinavian death metal and garden-variety serial-killer pulp".[368] Similarly, A. O. Scott of The New York Times also criticized the film for its dark visuals, in addition to saying the film has too much exposition, but praised the performances from the cast and Giacchino's score, and ultimately concluded by stating "I can't say I had a good time, but I did end up somewhere I didn't expect to be: looking forward to the next chapter."[369] Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle also gave a negative review, criticizing the film for its political commentary, drawing comparisons to that of Joker (2019). He felt the film had not had a "single variation in mood and tone", mostly agreeing with Hornaday's sentiments regarding its dark tone, and felt that Reeves's attempts to draw parallels to American discontent had diminished the film while also spending too much runtime in order to develop its ideas. Commenting on Riddler's killings of corrupt politicians, he thought it had subtracted the "moral struggle" element of the film, leaving only Batman's internal turmoil left as a conflict to explore, which he also heavily criticized as he felt Pattinson's performance as Batman was "just a big stiff". However, he enjoyed the performances of Kravitz and Dano, and Giacchino's score.[370] Writing for Sight and Sound, Kim Newman gave an unenthusiastic review, also criticizing the film's length, and felt the secondary characters, such as Gordon, Catwoman, Alfred, and Penguin, were underdeveloped and "subordinate to the case", though he praised Pattinson's performance, the detective-oriented Batman, Giacchino's score, visuals, and its action. His primary complaints had been that the film had spent too much time introducing and establishing its characters rather than having an "economy of storytelling", as he felt first entries in franchises conventionally should.[371]
Knowledge1: Fear No More is a 1961 American thriller film directed by Bernard Wiesen and starring Mala Powers, Jacques Bergerac and Anna Lee Carroll. It was based on a 1946 novel of the same name by Leslie Edgley. [sep] Knowledge2: Fear No More (film): Fear No More is a 1961 American thriller film directed by Bernard Wiesen and starring Mala Powers, Jacques Bergerac and Anna Lee Carroll. It was based on a 1946 novel of the same name by Leslie Edgley.[1] ; Fear No More (film): Personal secretary Sharon Carlin arrives at a railway station on a mission to deliver an important envelope for her boss. When she enters her compartment, a man threatens her with a gun. She sees a woman in the compartment who appears dead. The man knocks Sharon unconscious. When she comes to, she finds herself interrogated by a plainclothes policeman who accuses her of murdering the woman. When they leave the train for the police station, Sharon manages to dodge the detective and, panicked, runs in front of a car which has to swerve to avoid her, slightly injuring a young boy who is a passenger. Sharon begs the driver, Paul Colbert, a divorced man who is the boy's father and is returning the boy to his mother, to help her. He reluctantly agrees. After a disagreeable scene at the wife's house, Paul drops Sharon back at her home. She has forgotten that her male friend is staying in her flat. Later he phones her and they have a coffee together at a local beat café. When she returns home, she finds her friend dead. Chased by the murderer, she dashes out of the apartment block and Paul drives her away. She eventually discloses to him that she can't go to the police as they won't believe her: she has a mental health history and was once in a sanatorium. The following day, Paul drives her to her employer's house where, inexplicably, his employer and his staff disavow any knowledge of her errand. More worryingly, her employer, Milo Seymour claims a large sum of money has disappeared from his safe, to which only he and she have the combination. Is Sharon the victim of an elaborate plot, or is she veering into madness? ; Fear No More (film): This article about a 1960s thriller film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The Fake is a 1953 British crime film directed by Godfrey Grayson and starring Dennis O'Keefe, Coleen Gray and Hugh Williams. Its plot concerns an American detective who tries to solve the theft of a priceless painting from the Tate Gallery in London. [sep] Knowledge2: The Fake (1953 film): Mitchell explains that he has been hired by the painting's owner to ensure its safe delivery, and is courteously introduced to Sir Richard Aldingham (Hugh Williams) by Tate director Peter Randall (Gerald Case), described as one of Britain's great art collectors and museum benefactor who had been instrumental in arranging the exhibition.  Randall's politeness ends there, excoriating Mitchell for allowing the DaVinci to be stolen.  Mitchell, ever cheeky and self-advancing, cheerfully unwraps the parcel he'd had tucked under his arm and declares it the original artwork, which he'd hidden in the ship's safe anticipating a theft attempt.  He then asserts that there had to have been a mole at the Tate, as the cargo manifest did not identify the painting yet the thieves knew exactly which crate to steal. ; The Fake (1953 film): With the original safely on display at the Tate the next day, a beaming Mary is tumbling toward matrimony with the soon to be flush maverick, less her father but with all the other loose ends tidied. ; The Fake (1927 film): The Fake is a 1927 British silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Henry Edwards, Elga Brink and Juliette Compton.[1] It is based on a 1924 play of the same title by Frederick Lonsdale. It was made at Twickenham Studios in London. ; The Fake (2013 film): The Fake (Korean: 사이비; RR: Saibi) is a 2013 South Korean aeni drama film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho.[2][3][4]
Knowledge1: Heartbreak Tango (film)  Heartbreak Tango (Spanish: "Boquitas pintadas") is a 1974 Argentine drama film, directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson.  It was adapted from Argentine writer Manuel Puig's 1969 novel of the same name (English: "Heartbreak Tango").  In a survey of the 100 greatest films of Argentine cinema carried out by the Museo del Cine Pablo Ducrós Hicken in 2000, the film reached the 22nd position. In a new version of the survey organized in 2022 by the specialized magazines "La vida útil", "Taipei" and "La tierra quema", presented at the Mar del Plata International Film Festival, the film reached the 47th position. [sep] Knowledge2: Manuel Puig: [clarification needed]
Knowledge1: Pilot (Breaking Bad)  "Pilot" (titled "Breaking Bad" on DVD and Blu-ray releases) is the series premiere of the American television crime drama series "Breaking Bad". The episode was directed and written by series creator and showrunner Vince Gilligan. It first aired on AMC on January 20, 2008.  In the episode, chemistry teacher Walter White (Bryan Cranston) is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Keeping it a secret from his pregnant wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) and their teenage son Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte), he decides that he wants to spend his last years saving money for his family. After going on a drug bust with his brother-in-law and DEA agent Hank Schrader (Dean Norris), Walt spots his former student Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) and later blackmails him into helping him cook methamphetamine in an RV.  In its initial airing, the pilot received mostly positive reviews from critics, who praised Gilligan for his script and Cranston for his performance. At the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards, the episode received various nominations, with Cranston winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Gilligan earning a nomination for Outstanding Directing. [sep] Knowledge2: Gene Roddenberry: Roddenberry and Barrett had begun an affair by the early days of Star Trek,[55] and he specifically wrote the part of the character Number One in the pilot with her in mind; no other actresses were considered for the role. Barrett suggested Nimoy for the part of Spock. He had worked with both Roddenberry and Barrett on The Lieutenant, and once Roddenberry remembered the thin features of the actor, he did not consider anyone else for the part.[57] The remaining cast came together; filming began on November 27, 1964, and was completed on December 11.[58] After post-production, the episode was shown to NBC executives, and it was rumored that Star Trek would be broadcast at 8:00 pm on Friday nights. The episode failed to impress test audiences,[59] and after the executives became hesitant, Katz offered to make a second pilot. On March 26, 1965, NBC ordered a new episode.[60]
Knowledge1:  Towne received great acclaim for his film scripts The Last Detail (1973), Chinatown (1974), and Shampoo (1975). He was nominated for an Oscar for all three scripts, winning for Chinatown. According to Sam Wasson's The Big Goodbye: Chinatown and the Last Years of Hollywood, Towne "secretly employed an old college friend named Edward Taylor as his uncredited writing partner for more than 40 years." Towne was credited for his work on The Yakuza (1975) and did script doctoring on The Missouri Breaks (1976), Orca (1977) and Heaven Can Wait (1978). [sep] Knowledge2: Goodbye, Columbus (film): They face obstacles from Brenda's family (particularly her mother), due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. Brenda's family are nouveau riche, their money having come from the successful plumbing supply business owned and run by her father. Brenda herself is old enough to remember "being poor". Other conflicts include propriety and issues related to premarital sex and the possibility of pregnancy, and Mrs. Patimkin's envy of her daughter's youth. ; Goodbye, Columbus (film): After a few dates, Brenda persuades her father to allow Neil to stay with them for two weeks, angering her mother, who feels that she should have been asked instead. While Neil enjoys being able to sneak into Brenda's room at night, he has misgivings over her entitled outlook, echoed by her spoiled and petulant younger sister, and her naïve brother Ron, who misses the hero worship he enjoyed as a star basketball player at Ohio State University. Neil is astonished when Brenda reveals that she does not take birth control pills or use any other precautions to avoid pregnancy, angrily waving off Neil's concerns. He prepares to leave, but she decides to persuade him to stay by agreeing to get a diaphragm. ; Goodbye, Columbus (film): The film was shot in Westchester County, New York, The Bronx in New York City and Cambridge, Massachusetts. The interior library scenes were filmed in Gould Memorial Library on the campus of Bronx Community College and the exterior library scenes were filmed at Yonkers Public Library in Westchester County (which was controversially demolished in 1982). The film was shot on location on the campus of Radcliffe College in Cambridge, Massachusetts. ; Goodbye, Columbus (film): The film earned an estimated $10.5 million in ticket sales at the North American box office, making it one of the most popular movies of the year.[4] ; Goodbye, Columbus (film): A vinyl LP record of the film's score was released in 1969 by Warner Bros. Records and a compact disc was released in 2006 by Collector's Choice Music.[13]
Knowledge1: Party is a 1994 short film starring Gary Coleman, Floyd Harden, DeAnna Hawkins, Ron Litman and Greg Nassief. The film was directed by Eric Swelstad and produced by Johnnie J. Young of J&E Studio Productions, from a script by Jay Woelfel based on a story by Nathaniel Hawthorne. The film was shot in 1994 on location in Lucerne Valley in the Mojave Desert in California. [sep] Knowledge2: Party (1984 film): Party is a 1984 Hindi-language film directed by Govind Nihalani. The film boasted an ensemble cast, including Vijaya Mehta, Manohar Singh, Om Puri, Naseeruddin Shah, and Rohini Hattangadi. It based on the play Party (1976) by Mahesh Elkunchwar.[1][2][3] ; Party (1984 film): The film was produced by National Film Development Corporation of India (NFDC). Party was the official Indian entry to the 32nd International Film Festival of India, New Delhi.[4] ; Party (1984 film): The party is hosted in the honour of Diwakar Barve, a celebrated playwright, who has just been awarded the prestigious National Literary Award. There are gradual revelations in conversations between attendees of the party — by turns catty, outraged, resigned and cynical — that he got the award because he is Damyanti's lover, who wields political clout, or a toady of the establishment.
Knowledge1: The script, written by Arash Amel, was listed in the 2011 Hollywood Black List of the most liked screenplays written in that year and sold to French-based producer Pierre-Ange Le Pogam in a competitive bid. [sep] Knowledge2: Grace Cunard: Cunard's collaboration with Ford continued into 1917, the same year she married for the second time, not to Ford but to the Irish-born actor Joe Moore. Although the media had referred to her as "Miss" since she began working with Ford in 1912, Cunard had married earlier that same year in New York before moving to California. That first marriage appears to have been short-lived and ended, if not legally, for all practical purposes by the time she arrived on the West Coast. Nevertheless, Cunard's collaboration with Ford finally ended after June 1917 with the release of In Treason's Grasp, a five-reeler he directed for Renowned Pictures and in which she co-starred with him.[17]
Knowledge1: Ghost (1990 film)  Ghost is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film directed by Jerry Zucker from a screenplay by Bruce Joel Rubin, and starring Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore, Whoopi Goldberg, Tony Goldwyn, Vincent Schiavelli, and Rick Aviles. The plot centers on Sam Wheat (Swayze), a murdered banker, whose ghost sets out to save his girlfriend, Molly Jensen (Moore), from the person who killed him – through the help of the psychic Oda Mae Brown (Goldberg).  "Ghost" was theatrically released on July 13, 1990, to commercial success, grossing $505 million against a budget of $22–23 million and emerging as the highest-grossing film of 1990 and at the time of its release, was the third-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise going towards the score and performances of the cast. "Ghost" earned five nominations at the 63rd Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Original Score, Best Film Editing, and winning Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay for Rubin. [sep] Knowledge2: Ghost (1990 film): Ghost was theatrically released on July 13, 1990, to commercial success, grossing $505 million against a budget of $22–23 million and emerging as the highest-grossing film of 1990 and at the time of its release, was the third-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, with particular praise going towards the score and performances of the cast. Ghost earned five nominations at the 63rd Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Original Score, Best Film Editing, and winning Best Supporting Actress for Goldberg and Best Original Screenplay for Rubin. ; Ghost (1990 film): The film became an unexpected box-office success,[25][26][27][28] grossing $505.7 million on a budget of between $22–23 million.[29][30] It was the highest-grossing film of 1990.[31] Box Office Mojo estimates that the film sold over 51.46 million tickets in the US.[32] It spent eight consecutive weeks at number one at the UK box office[33] and became the highest-grossing film of all time in the UK surpassing E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial with a gross of £23.3 million. That record would last for three years before getting surpassed by Jurassic Park in 1993.[34][35] It also spent six consecutive weeks atop the Australian box office.[36] It was also the highest-grossing film in Indonesia at the time with a gross of $3.6 million[37] and the highest-grossing foreign film in the Philippines.[38] ; Ghost (1990 film): Roger Ebert gave Ghost two-and-a-half out of four stars in his review for the Chicago Sun-Times, regarding the film as "no worse an offender than most ghost movies, I suppose. It assumes that even after death we devote most of our attention to unfinished business here on Earth, and that danger to a loved one is more important to a ghost than the infinity it now inhabits." He was also critical of the film's "obligatory action climax", the "ridiculous visitation from the demons of hell", the "slow study" of the Molly character, and the "single best scene" in which Sam overtakes Oda Mae's body to caress Molly: "In strict logic, this should involve us seeing Goldberg kissing Moore, but of course the movie compromises and shows us Swayze holding her - too bad, because the logical version would actually have been more spiritual and moving."[44] ; Ghost (1990 film): The film inspired a musical stage version, Ghost: The Musical. The show had its world premiere in Manchester, UK, in March 2011[65] before transferring to London from June 2011 and having its premiere on July 19, 2011.[66] On November 13, 2010, Paramount and Shochiku released a Japanese remake of Ghost, titled Ghost: In Your Arms Again (ゴースト もういちど抱きしめたい, Gōsuto Mouichido Dakishimetai).[67] The remake stars Nanako Matsushima, South Korean actor Song Seung-heon, and veteran actress Kirin Kiki.[68] In this film, the ghost is a woman, played by Matsushima. ; Ghost (1990 film): On January 17, 2023, it was revealed by Vanity Fair that Channing Tatum and his company, Free Association, has the rights to the film from Paramount and announced his plans to produce, and star in, a remake of the film with him playing Swayze's role.[69]
Knowledge1: By og land hand i hand (Town and Country Hand in Hand) is a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Olav Dalgard, starring Hans Bille and Lars Tvinde. The film was made by the Norwegian Labour Party for the 1937 local elections. [sep] Knowledge2: By og land hand i hand: By og land hand i hand (Town and Country Hand in Hand) is a 1937 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Olav Dalgard, starring Hans Bille and Lars Tvinde. The film was made by the Norwegian Labour Party for the 1937 local elections. ; By og land hand i hand: The wealthy landowner Hans Bjørnstad (Bille) is approached by his workers for a raise, but is shocked by their radical socialist ideas. Later he talks to another landowner, Nils Tveit (Tvinde), who is more sympathetic to the workers' case. Through conversations with family members in Oslo, the two realise the advantages Labour government has brought, and the necessity of cooperation between town and country for the prosperity of the country. ; By og land hand i hand: This article related to Norwegian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; By og land hand i hand: By og land hand i hand er en norsk spillefilm fra 1937, regissert av Olav Dalgard. ; By og land hand i hand: Filmen omtales gjerne som en «arbeiderfilm», fordi den er en av flere filmdramaer fra 1930-tallet som den norske arbeiderbevegelsen støttet og som skulle gi publikum en forståelse for arbeiderbevegelsens politikk.
Knowledge1: The Accused (1988 film)  The Accused is a 1988 American legal drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan from a screenplay written by Tom Topor. The film is loosely based on the 1983 gang rape of Cheryl Araujo in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Set in Washington state, but filmed mainly in Vancouver, British Columbia, the film stars Jodie Foster as Sarah Tobias, a young waitress, who is gang raped by three men at a local bar. With the aid of attorney, Kathryn Murphy (Kelly McGillis), she sets out to prosecute the rapists as well as the men who helped induce the assault. Bernie Coulson, Leo Rossi, Ann Hearn, Carmen Argenziano, Steve Antin and Tom O'Brien are featured in supporting roles.   "The Accused" premiered at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival, where it competed for the Golden Bear. It was released in limited theatres on October 14, 1988 by Paramount Pictures and was highly controversial upon release, mostly due to its graphic representation of gang rape. The film became a critical and commercial success, grossing over $92 million worldwide against a $13 million budget, and was chosen by the National Board of Review as the . Critics praised the film's audacity, the authenticity of the portrayal of its subject matter, and credited it for being one of the first mainstream films to deal with the horrors of rape and its aftermath on a victim's life. Foster's performance marked her breakthrough into adult roles, earning numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress. [sep] Knowledge2: The Accused (1988 film): The Accused premiered at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival, where it competed for the Golden Bear, and was theatrically released in the United States on October 14, 1988. The film was highly controversial upon release due to its graphic portrayal of gang rape. Despite this, it received widespread acclaim from critics, with many praising the performances of the cast and authentic portrayal of its subject matter. It was also a commercial success, grossing $32.1 million worldwide against its $13 million budget, and was chosen by the National Board of Review as the 3rd best film of the year. The film was credited for being one of the first mainstream films to deal with the horrors of rape and its aftermath on a victim's life. Foster's performance marked her breakthrough into adult roles, earning numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 61st Academy Awards.[2][3] ; The Accused (1988 film): The film closes on a title stating, 'In the United States a rape is reported every six minutes. One out of every four rape victims is attacked by two or more assailants'. ; The Accused (1988 film): Following the test screenings, the film received the lowest scores in the history of Paramount. According to Lansing, "The audience thought that Jodie's character deserved the rape."[6] Studio executives wanted to put the film on the shelf and were looking for ways to prevent it from being released. Lansing asked for another screening with just women, which was far more successful. Of the 20 women in the room, 18 had experience with rape — either they or someone they knew had been raped. When tested again months later, it was given one of the highest scores in studio's history.[6] ; The Accused (1988 film): Due to its hardened themes and graphic screenplay, the studio was already skeptical about making the film, and it was essential for the producers to cast a bankable actress in the role of Sarah Tobias. Numerous actresses were offered or considered for the part including Kim Basinger, Demi Moore, Jennifer Beals, Meg Tilly, Rosanna Arquette, and Kristin Davis, but all of them rejected the film due to its gruesome and controversial themes.[7] Producers Sherry Lansing and Stanley R. Jaffe both had serious doubts about casting Foster because they did not think she could be sexual enough for the role of Sarah, also Foster who had recently graduated from Yale and didn't make any successful films during her time at school, wasn't the prime choice for the producers. Following numerous auditions as well as rejection from various established actresses, she was finally cast in the part. ; The Accused (1988 film): Jane Fonda was initially attached to play attorney Kathryn Murphy but left the project as she found the script exploitative and poorly written.[8] Ellen Barkin, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sigourney Weaver, Debra Winger, Meryl Streep and Geena Davis were also considered for the part. Kelly McGillis, who had just experienced commercial success with the action film Top Gun (1986), was cast for the bankable prospects of the film.[6] McGillis was initially offered to play Sarah but declined, citing her personal experience.[9]  She acknowledged at the time of the film's release that she herself had survived a violent attack and rape in 1982 when two men broke into her apartment. Based on her experience, she took on the role of Murphy.
Knowledge1: Exit the Vamp  lobby card Exit the Vamp is a lost 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Frank Urson and written by Clara Beranger. The film stars Ethel Clayton, T. Roy Barnes, Fontaine La Rue, Theodore Roberts, William Boyd, and Michael D. Moore. The film was released on November 6, 1921, by Paramount Pictures. [sep] Knowledge2: Exit the Vamp: Exit the Vamp is a lost[1] 1921 American silent comedy film directed by Frank Urson and written by Clara Beranger. The film stars Ethel Clayton, T. Roy Barnes, Fontaine La Rue, Theodore Roberts, William Boyd, and Michael D. Moore. The film was released on November 6, 1921, by Paramount Pictures.[2][3][4] ; Exit the Vamp: As described in a film magazine,[5] successful lawyer John Shipley (Barnes) becomes fascinated by a vampire (La Rue) of the accepted type. His wife Marion (Clayton) becomes aware of the infatuation and adopts the ways of her opponent, pretending incidentally an affection for a World War I veteran (Boyd) whom she knew in France. At a house party to which Marion had invited the other woman, her husband discovers his mistake in his judgment of womanly values and the wife emerges from the conflict victorious. ; Exit the Vamp: This article about a silent comedy film from the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Exit the Vamp: Exit the Vamp er en amerikansk stumfilm fra 1921 regissert av Frank Urson.[1][2] ; Exit the Vamp: Exit the Vamp è un film muto del 1921 diretto da Frank Urson. Scritto e sceneggiato da Clara Beranger, aveva come interpreti Ethel Clayton, T. Roy Barnes, Fontaine La Rue, Theodore Roberts, William Boyd, Michael D. Moore, Mattie Peters.
Knowledge1: Mary's Ankle  Mary's Ankle is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and written by Luther Reed based upon the play of the same name by May Tully. The film stars Douglas MacLean, Doris May, Victor Potel, Neal Burns, James Gordon, and Lizette Thorne. The film was released on February 29, 1920, by Paramount Pictures. [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Mary's Ankle: Mary's Ankle is a 1920 American silent comedy film directed by Lloyd Ingraham.
Knowledge1: "Democracy" marked the return of Oswald Kittner. Originally a one-time role, fans and executive producer Cheryl Heuton enjoyed having Jay Baruchel's performance as Oswald Kittner on the show. As a result of fans' request for a return appearance of Kittner, writers wrote "Democracy" and decided to feature Kittner.  "Democracy" is the 18th episode of the third season of the American television show Numbers. Written by Cheryl Heuton and Nicolas Falacci, the episode highlights a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) investigation into the murder of one of their math consultant's friends while an agent learns that she has been selected for a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) assignment. Heuton and Falacci also brought back fan favorite Oswald Kittner, portrayed by Jay Baruchel. The episode marks series regular Diane Farr's final appearance before delivering her baby. Her pregnancy during season three presented writers and producers with the challenge of deciding whether to include a pregnancy into the season's storyline. They decided against it and opted to hide her pregnancy. While filming "Democracy", Farr had her baby. "Democracy" first aired in the United States on March 9, 2007. Critics gave the episode positive reviews. [sep] Knowledge2: Democracy (film): Democracy is a 1918 British silent war film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Bruce Gordon, Queenie Thomas and Alice O'Brien.[1] ; Democracy (film): This article related to a British film of the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Gore Vidal:  BUCKLEY: Some people were pro-Nazi, and the answer is that they were well-treated by people who ostracized them. And I'm for ostracizing people who egg on other people to shoot American Marines and American soldiers.
Knowledge1:   "Revelations" was written by Kim Newton and directed by David Nutter, his final episode of The X-Files. Nutter decided that, after the episode, he wished to pursue different things and that the series was in excellent hands with fellow directors Rob Bowman and Kim Manners. Actor Kenneth Welsh, who appears in the episode as the demonic Simon Gates, had previously portrayed a chief antagonist in the critically acclaimed 1990 serial drama Twin Peaks, alongside Duchovny. The episode contains a role reversal with Dana Scully the believer and Fox Mulder the skeptic, which David Duchovny called "a refreshing change of pace." Nutter believed that by examining faith, the show's creators were able to explore the nuances and seeming contradictions of Scully and her worldview. The episode was [sep] Knowledge2: The Book of Revelation (film): The film has been the subject of criticism from numerous academics and film critics. Academic Claire Henry posits that the film could have enjoyed more success had it been clearly represented as an erotic thriller rather than an examination of rape suffering.[7] Notable film critic Mark Fisher in a review of the film published in Sight & Sound views the film as being "hyperbolic absurdity".[9] He additionally contends that the controlling logic of the film is distorted and therefore undermines its rape-revenge genre tag. For instance, it's unclear whether it's the male fantasy of being humiliated or the female fantasy to degrade a man.[9] In a similar light, film critic Alexandra Heller-Nicholas proposes that despite her attempts to subvert the rape-revenge genre, Kokkinos fails to provide insight into "how the mechanics of gender, rape and revenge can intersect on film" due to "its bombastic construction and self-congratulatory air".[10] In another review by Fincina Hopgood the film is criticised as there is a lack of connection between character and audience. She argues that the audience has insufficient time to build rapport with Daniel prior to him being raped. Instead, the focus on the female characters makes it difficult to empathise with Daniel as the focus is thrust upon him. Furthermore, she claims that Daniels' inability to articulate his feelings means the audience is reliant on his body language to express his emotional status and therefore deducts from the overall message of the film.[11] Russell Edwards claims that the film struggled to deal with the topic of rape in an intellectual and emotional manner. He accordingly places blame on lead actor, Tom Long, claiming he is "A limited actor whose lethargic presence serves the post abduction scenes well, Long lacks the vitality in the opening reels to provide a basis for a character arc". He however notes, the soundtrack composed by Cezary Biszewski in conjunction with Meryl Tankard's choreography contributes to the authenticity of the setting and poignant atmosphere.[12]
Knowledge1: happy ending of the original script, wanting instead a more bittersweet and ambivalent ending comment on the American success ethic. With Riskin on vacation in Europe and unavailable, Capra invited former Paramount screenwriter Sidney Buchman to Palo Alto to discuss changes to the end of the film. By the end of the evening, Buchman wrote four pages of new scenes depicting the horse's death after crossing the finish line, the subsequent funeral, and new ending. Buchman, who finished the new scenes only a few hours before the final race scene was filmed, was never credited for his contribution. He would later write the screenplay for Capra's Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939). [sep] Knowledge2: It Chapter Two: Additionally, Teach Grant portrays Henry Bowers,[4] who terrorized the Losers Club in the summer of 1989 before he was incarcerated for killing his father while under It's influence. Nicholas Hamilton reprises his role as the young Henry Bowers. Molly Atkinson reprises her role as Sonia, Eddie's Munchausen syndrome by proxy-stricken mother, and also plays Eddie's wife Myra, who is very similar to Sonia. Xavier Dolan and Taylor Frey appear as Adrian Mellon[5] and Don Hagarty, a gay couple who are attacked by a group of youths during a carnival before Mellon is killed by It, while Jake Weary appears as Webby, the leader of the youth gang who attacks Adrian and Don. Luke Roessler portrays Dean, a young boy who meets Bill near the storm drain where Georgie was killed in 1988, and who is later killed by It at the Funland. Ryan Kiera Armstrong appears as Victoria Fuller, a little girl with a large birthmark on her cheek, who is killed by It after he lures her to under the bleachers at a baseball game. Jess Weixler portrays Bill's wife Audra Denbrough (née Phillips), Will Beinbrink portrays Beverly's abusive husband Tom Rogan,[5] and Martha Girvin appears as Stanley's wife Patty. Stephen Bogaert, Jake Sim, Logan Thompson, Joe Bostick and Megan Charpentier reprise their roles from the first film as Beverly's abusive father Alvin Marsh, Henry's friends Reginald "Belch" Huggins and Victor "Vic" Criss, pharmacist Mr. Keene, and Keene's daughter Gretta, respectively. Juno Rinaldi portrays the adult Gretta. Katie Lunman reprises her role as Betty Ripsom in a vocal capacity, in addition to portraying a second character, Chris Unwin, one of Webby's friends who participates in assaulting Adrian and Don.
Knowledge1: Ali Payami  Ali Payami is an Persian-Swedish record producer, songwriter, and DJ.<ref name=":billboard2017" />  Payami's first number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 was The Weeknd's single "Can't Feel My Face". In 2016, he won a Grammy for Album of the Year for his contributions on Taylor Swift's album "1989". He has also worked with other musicians such as Demi Lovato, Ariana Grande, Ellie Goulding and Katy Perry. [sep] Knowledge2: Hoppa högst: The film is about two rival boys, Albin (Markus Åström) and Stig (Ramses Ericstam), whose mothers (Lena T. Hansson and Suzanne Reuter, respectively) have them compete against each other throughout their childhood.[5] The rival mothers compete in whose child will learn to walk and talk first. As the boys grow older and start school, they begin to compete by themselves. Competitions include seeing who dares to jump to the ground from various high places, including a tree, a bridge, and a hayloft. They also have an earthworm-eating contest. One day, as they compete for who dares to jump from the roof of a barn, both boys break a leg and end up at the hospital. As they begin to recover, the boys laugh with each other, realizing how stupid their rivalry has been.
Knowledge1:  The episode was written by series executive producer and showrunner Howard Gordon and consulting producer Evan Katz, and was directed by Jeffrey Reiner. It marked both Gordon and Katz's first writing credit in the series, and director Reiner's second directing credit, with the last episode he directed being "The Little Guy", the second episode aired on March 8, 2012. This is the first episode that was not written by series creator and executive producer Kyle Killen. [sep] Knowledge2: Guilty (2011 film): Guilty (French: Présumé coupable, lit. 'Presumed guilty') is a 2011 French drama film directed by Vincent Garenq about the Outreau trial.[2][3] Garenq was nominated for the 2012 Best Writing (Adaptation) César Award and Philippe Torreton was nominated as Best Actor.[4]
Knowledge1:  Salvation is a 2008 Australian film directed by Paul Cox and starring Wendy Hughes and Bruce Myles. Cox was inspired to make the film after seeing a televangelist on TV late at night asking for money for a facelift. [sep] Knowledge2: Salvation (2008 film): Salvation is a 2008 Australian film directed by Paul Cox and starring Wendy Hughes and Bruce Myles.
Knowledge1: Richard Harris as Danny Travis ; Karen Black as Paula Herbert ; Martin Landau as Capt. Gerrity ; Dennis Christopher as Ben ; Christopher Guest as Roger ; Penelope Milford as Denise  The Last Word (2008 film)  The Last Word is an offbeat romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Haley. It stars Winona Ryder and Wes Bentley. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January, and it had a wider release in 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: The Last Word (2008 film): The Last Word is a romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Geoffrey Haley.[1] It stars Winona Ryder and Wes Bentley. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2008[2] and was released on DVD on April 21, 2009.[3]
Knowledge1: Susanne Brink's Arirang (1991) - scripter ; The Story Inside the Handbag (1991) - assistant director ; The Rules of the Game (1994) - assistant director ; Born to Kill (1996) - screenplay, assistant director ; Calla (1999) - director ; Raybang (2001) - actor ; Failan (2001) - director, screenplay ; Rikidozan (2004) - director, screenplay, script editor ; Maundy Thursday (2006) - director ; A Better Tomorrow (2010) - director ; Boomerang Family (2013) - director, screenplay [sep] Knowledge2: Rang-ha: The Colours (Persian: ...رنگ‌ها, romanized: Rang-ha...) is a 1976 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami. ; Rang-ha: By showing a series of different-coloured objects, the film aims to familiarize very young children with the various colours, and ends with a shot of a blackboard, a symbol of learning. ; Rang-ha: This article related to an Iranian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Rang-ha: This short film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Farhan Akhtar: Filmfare Award for Best Film (Critics) Filmfare Award for Best Supporting ActorFilmfare Award for Best Dialogue
Knowledge1:  White Gold is a 2010 South African film, directed by Jayan Moodley and Paul Railton, produced by African Lotus Productions in association with Serendipity Productions and African Mediums. Its release was timed to coincide with the celebrations of the 150th anniversary of Indian presence in South Africa. The film is a historical drama revolving around the experiences of Indian indentured labourers recruited for the sugar plantations of the 19th-century Colony of Natal, and their children and grandchildren. Jayan Moodley, who wrote the script and co-directed, was inspired by her own family history. White Gold (2010 film)  White Gold is a 2010 South African film, directed by Jayan Moodley and Paul Railton, produced by African Lotus Productions in association with Serendipity Productions and African Mediums. Its release was timed to coincide with the celebrations of the 150th anniversary of Indian presence in South Africa. The film is a historical drama revolving around the experiences of Indian indentured labourers recruited for the sugar plantations of the 19th-century Colony of Natal, and their children and grandchildren. Jayan Moodley, who wrote the script and co-directed, was inspired by her own family history.   White Gold (2003 film)  White Gold () is a 2003 Russian action film directed by Viktor Ivanov from a screenplay by John Jopson and Viktor Ivanov. The story begins with the actual events of 1919 when a White Army train carrying the bulk of the Russian Empire's gold reserves arrives empty at Siberia's Irkutsk station. The adventure begins when, decades later, the grandson of a White Army officer inherits a map to the treasure. [sep] Knowledge2: White Gold (1927 film): Mordaunt Hall of The New York Times described the film as an "interesting production" that also had "marked simplicity" in terms of its story.[2] Hall also said that "but for some repetitions, a few accentuated actions and instances of forced comedy, [it] would be one of the really great productions."[3] The Ottawa Citizen said that, because of a new scripting technique employed by William Howard, "the film more closely approaches realism than anything ever before attempted in motion pictures."[4] Philip K. Scheuer of the Los Angeles Times called it a "distinguished film" that employed the suggestion of sound by showing "creaking rockers, ticking clocks, the click of poker chips".[5] ; White Gold (2010 film): White Gold is a 2010 South African film, directed by Jayan Moodley and Paul Railton,[2] produced by African Lotus Productions in association with Serendipity Productions and African Mediums. Its release was timed to coincide with the celebrations of the 150th anniversary of Indian presence in South Africa.[3] The film is a historical drama revolving around the experiences of Indian indentured labourers recruited for the sugar plantations of the 19th-century Colony of Natal, and their children and grandchildren.[4] Jayan Moodley, who wrote the script and co-directed, was inspired by her own family history.[5] ; White Gold (1949 film): White Gold (German: Weißes Gold) is a 1949 Austrian drama film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Heinrich Gretler, Alma Seidler and Robert Freitag.[1] ; White Gold (1949 film): The film's art direction was by Julius von Borsody. ; White Gold (1949 film): This article related to an Austrian film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Corpse Bride  Corpse Bride (also known as Tim Burton's Corpse Bride) is a 2005 stop-motion animated musical dark fantasy film directed by Mike Johnson and Tim Burton with a screenplay by John August, Caroline Thompson and Pamela Pettler based on characters created by Burton and Carlos Grangel. The plot is set in a fictional Victorian era village in England. Johnny Depp leads the cast as the voice of Victor, while Helena Bonham Carter voices Emily, the titular bride. An international co-production between the United States and United Kingdom and produced by Tim Burton Productions, Laika and Patalex II Productions, "Corpse Bride" is the third stop-motion feature film produced by Burton and the first directed by him (the previous two films, "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993) and "James and the Giant Peach" (1996), were directed by Henry Selick). This is also the first stop-motion feature from Burton that was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was dedicated to executive producer Joe Ranft, who died in a car crash during production.  "Corpse Bride" is based on a 17th-century Jewish folktale, which Ranft introduced to Burton while they were finishing "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Work on the film started in November 2003 when Burton was completing "Big Fish" (2003). He continued with production on his next live-action feature, "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory", which was produced simultaneously with the film. Production of the stop-motion animation feature took place at 3 Mills Studios in East London. It was shot with Canon EOS-1D Mark II digital SLRs, rather than the 35 mm film cameras used for Burton's previous stop-motion film "The Nightmare Before Christmas". Burton continued immediately brought regular collaborators Depp and Danny Elfman aboard.  "Corpse Bride" premiered at the Venice International Film Festival on September 7, 2005, and was released on September 23, 2005, in the United States and on October 13, 2005, in the United Kingdom. It became a critical and commercial success, grossing $118.1 million worldwide against its $40 million budget and received praise for its animation, characters, songs, and humor. The film won the National Board of Review for Best Animated Feature, and was nominated for the 78th Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature, but lost to "", which also starred Bonham Carter. The film won the Annie Awards Ub Iwerks Award for Technical Achievement in 2006, where it was also nominated for Best Animated Feature, Best Character Design, and Best Direction. [sep] Knowledge2: The Bride's Journey: The Bride's Journey (Italian: Il viaggio della sposa) is a 1997 Italian comedy drama film written, directed and starred by Sergio Rubini.[1][2] ; The Bride's Journey: This article about a 1990s comedy-drama film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; William Goldman: Goldman was unhappy with the movie. The Guardian says that he changes the subject when asked about the movie, but suggests that his displeasure may be because he was pressured to add a romantic interest to the film.[7] In his memoir, Goldman says of the film that if he could live his life over, he would have written the same screenplays, "Only I wouldn't have come near All the President's Men."[25] He said that he has never written as many versions of a screenplay as he did for that movie.[25] Speaking of his choice to write the script, he said: "Many movies that get made are not long on art and are long on commerce. This was a project that seemed it might be both. You don't get many and you can't turn them down."[9]
Knowledge1: Pilot (Breaking Bad)  "Pilot" (titled "Breaking Bad" on DVD and Blu-ray releases) is the series premiere of the American television crime drama series "Breaking Bad". The episode was directed and written by series creator and showrunner Vince Gilligan. It first aired on AMC on January 20, 2008.  In the episode, chemistry teacher Walter White (Bryan Cranston) is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Keeping it a secret from his pregnant wife Skyler (Anna Gunn) and their teenage son Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte), he decides that he wants to spend his last years saving money for his family. After going on a drug bust with his brother-in-law and DEA agent Hank Schrader (Dean Norris), Walt spots his former student Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) and later blackmails him into helping him cook methamphetamine in an RV.  In its initial airing, the pilot received mostly positive reviews from critics, who praised Gilligan for his script and Cranston for his performance. At the 60th Primetime Emmy Awards, the episode received various nominations, with Cranston winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Gilligan earning a nomination for Outstanding Directing. [sep] Knowledge2: Gene Roddenberry: Roddenberry and Barrett had begun an affair by the early days of Star Trek,[55] and he specifically wrote the part of the character Number One in the pilot with her in mind; no other actresses were considered for the role. Barrett suggested Nimoy for the part of Spock. He had worked with both Roddenberry and Barrett on The Lieutenant, and once Roddenberry remembered the thin features of the actor, he did not consider anyone else for the part.[57] The remaining cast came together; filming began on November 27, 1964, and was completed on December 11.[58] After post-production, the episode was shown to NBC executives, and it was rumored that Star Trek would be broadcast at 8:00 pm on Friday nights. The episode failed to impress test audiences,[59] and after the executives became hesitant, Katz offered to make a second pilot. On March 26, 1965, NBC ordered a new episode.[60]
Knowledge1: Midnight's Children  Midnight's Children is a 1981 novel by Indian-British writer Salman Rushdie, published by Jonathan Cape with cover design by Bill Botten, about India's transition from British colonial rule to independence and partition. It is a postcolonial, postmodern and magical realist story told by its chief protagonist, Saleem Sinai, set in the context of historical events. The style of preserving history with fictional accounts is self-reflexive.  "Midnight's Children" sold over one million copies in the UK alone and won the Booker Prize and James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1981. It was awarded the "Booker of Bookers" Prize and the best all-time prize winners in 1993 and 2008 to celebrate the Booker Prize 25th and 40th anniversary. In 2003 the novel appeared at number 100 on the BBC's The Big Read poll which determined the UK's "best-loved novels" of all time. [sep] Knowledge2: These Children: This article related to an Italian comedy film of the 1930s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: campus as well as learns about self-determination, including reading the fate of the creature in Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein novel. Needing more money, Forrester calls Pressman. The next afternoon, they return to the apartment but the surroundings are suspicious. Forrester orders Michael to hide in the garage. Inside the apartment, he finds Pressman. Aware that Pressman could not have withdrawn the money after business hours, Forrester accuses him of leading the government to him in exchange for a fully-funded research grant that he had long sought. Pressman denies it, claiming concern for Forrester as his only motivation. Forrester proposes a meeting at a   shop if Pressman will lead the agents away as a gesture of trust. Forrester finds Michael in the garage and is resigned to having to surrender him to the government. Michael decides he wants to be in control of his fate and proposes self-immolation using flammable liquids stored in the garage. Forrester is aghast at the idea but finally agrees that it’s the only way to keep Michael out of the government’s hands. They say good bye and Forrester goes to the coffee shop where he numbly joins Pressman, Jarrett and Keating as fire engines respond to the blaze at the garage. [sep] Knowledge2: Prototype (1992 film): Set in a post-apocalyptic Los Angeles of 2057, Hawkins Coselow, a crippled soldier, along with his ex-lover, Chandra Kerkorian, share vivid psychosexual dreams. Dr. Alexis Zalazny is working on a cybernetic program that will help Coselow walk again. The program sort of works, but everything goes deadly wrong when Coselow becomes a killing machine that can interface with any computer. He ends up killing several people belonging to a resistance movement.
Knowledge1: Ivan Dixon  Ivan Nathaniel Dixon III (April 6, 1931 – March 16, 2008) was an American actor, director, and producer best known for his series role in the 1960s sitcom "Hogan's Heroes", and for his starring roles in the 1964 independent drama "Nothing But a Man" and the 1967 television film "The Final War of Olly Winter". In addition, he directed many episodes of television series.  Active in the civil rights movement from 1961, Dixon served as a president of Negro Actors for Action.<ref name=nyt/> [sep] Knowledge2: Peter Coyote: Coyote had first discovered Zen in his teens via the works of Jack Kerouac, Gary Snyder, and other Beats. Coyote met Snyder with the Diggers and was impressed with Snyder's "gravitas and elegance, his care and deliberation".[18][20]
Knowledge1: He published several novels, including Introduction à la mort française and Évoluer parmi les avalanches, as well as an essay about the tapestries of The Lady and the Unicorn: À mon seul désir. He also directed two volumes of interviews with Philippe Sollers: Ligne de risque and Poker. In 2007, he published Cercle (Éditions Gallimard), a novel which earned him the prix Décembre and the prix Roger Nimier. In 2007, a controversy arose with Alina Reyes who accused him of plagiarism. In 2008-2009, Haenel was a resident at the French Academy in Rome, the Villa Médicis. In 2009, he was awarded the Prix Interallié and the Prix du [sep] Knowledge2: Le fils d'Amr est mort: Pierre ClémentiClaire Wauthion ; Le fils d'Amr est mort:  Pour plus de détails, voir Fiche technique et Distribution; Le fils d'Amr est mort: Le fils d'Amr est mort est un film franco-tuniso-belge réalisé par Jean-Jacques Andrien et sorti en 1975. ; Le fils d'Amr est mort: Face à l'indicible, la fiction s'efface ici au profit d'une méditation. ; Le fils d'Amr est mort: Le fils d'Amr est mort is een Belgische dramafilm uit 1975 onder regie van Jean-Jacques Andrien. Hij won met deze film de Gouden Luipaard op het filmfestival van Locarno.
Knowledge1: Tine is a 1964 Danish drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen. It was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival. [sep] Knowledge2: Tina Fey: In 2002, Fey appeared in the surreal comedy Martin & Orloff.[86] She made her debut as writer and co-star of the 2004 teen comedy Mean Girls. Characters and behaviors in the film are based on Fey's high school life at Upper Darby High School[87] and on the non-fiction book Queen Bees and Wannabes by Rosalind Wiseman.[88] The cast includes other past cast members of SNL including Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, and Amy Poehler. The film received favorable reviews,[89] and was a box office success, grossing US$129 million worldwide.[90]
Knowledge1: Los peores años de nuestra vida (English: The Worst Years of Our Life) is a 1994 Spanish comedy film directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro and written by David Trueba. The film was nominated for four Goya Awards, winning one. [sep] Knowledge2: The Worst Years of Our Lives: The Worst Years of Our Lives (Spanish: Los peores años de nuestra vida)[1] is a 1994 Spanish comedy film directed by Emilio Martínez Lázaro and written by David Trueba which stars Gabino Diego, Ariadna Gil, and Jorge Sanz. The film was nominated for four Goya Awards, winning one. ; The Worst Years of Our Lives: The film is an attempt to update 1980s comedia madrileña to a new social context.[2] Shooting locations in Madrid included Malasaña (calle del Molino de Viento).[3] ; The Worst Years of Our Lives: This article related to a Spanish film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Proyas co-wrote the screenplay with Lem Dobbs and David S. Goyer. Goyer had written The Crow: City of Angels, the sequel to Proyas's 1994 film The Crow; Proyas invited Goyer to co-write the screenplay for Dark City after reading Goyer's screenplay for Blade, which had yet to be released. Writers Guild of America initially protested at crediting more than two screenwriters for a film, but it eventually relented and credited all three writers. Proyas originally conceived a story about a 1940s detective who is obsessed with facts and cannot solve a case where the facts do not make sense. "He slowly starts to go insane through the story", says Proyas. "He can't put the facts together because they don't add up to anything rational." In the process of creating the fictional world for the character of the detective, Proyas created other characters, shifting the focus of the film from the detective (Bumstead) to the person pursued by the detective (Murdoch). Proyas envisioned a robust narrative where the audience could examine the film from the perspective of multiple characters and focus on the plot. [sep] Knowledge2: The City (1939 film): The film follows a historical sequence and uses the following locations:[1] ; The City (1939 film): Greenbelt, Maryland, had been constructed a few years earlier as a New Deal project. ; The City (1939 film): Length: 43 minutes and 43 seconds[2] ; The City (1939 film): The film was well received when shown at the fair. One study of the fair summarized the film's reception:[9] ; The City (1939 film): In 1998, The City was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."[10][11]
Knowledge1: Jackson: My Life... Your Fault is a 1995 gay-themed film directed by Duncan Roy starring Benjamin Soames and Alan Gilchrist.  Jackson (Benjamin Soames) has lived sheltered with his mother since his father's death when he was a little boy. He remembers the event from childhood, and is still troubled by it. His mother (Georgina Hale), is over-protective, and plays upon Jackson's emotions to keep him tied to her. On meeting an attractive policeman, he needs to decide whether to grow up or not. [sep] Knowledge2: Jackson: My Life... Your Fault: Jackson: My Life... Your Fault is a 1995 gay-themed film directed by Duncan Roy starring Benjamin Soames and Alan Gilchrist. ; Jackson: My Life... Your Fault: Jackson (Benjamin Soames) has lived sheltered with his mother since his father's death when he was a little boy. He remembers the event from childhood, and is still troubled by it. His mother (Georgina Hale), is over-protective, and plays upon Jackson's emotions to keep him tied to her. On meeting an attractive policeman, he needs to decide whether to grow up or not. ; Jackson: My Life... Your Fault: This short film–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jackson: My Life... Your Fault: This article about a film with a lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender theme is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The participating directors were Brazilians Carlos Saldanha (Ice Age and Rio), José Padilha (Elite Squad), Andrucha Waddington (The House of Sand) and Fernando Meirelles (City of God), the Lebanese director Nadine Labaki (Caramel), the Mexican screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga (Babel), the Australian director Stephan Elliott (The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert), the Italian director Paolo Sorrentino (The Great Beauty), the American actor and director John Turturro, and the South Korean director Im Sang-soo (A Good Lawyer's Wife, The Housemaid). The opening and closing sequences, plus the transitions were directed by Brazilian Vicente Amorim, while musician Gilberto Gil composed the theme song. Those responsible for producing the film, among them Rio Filme, disclosed that the cost of production was R$20 million. [sep] Knowledge2: Rio (2011 film): In February 2011, the MPAA gave the film a PG rating for "mild off-color humor". The producers, displeased by this rating, resubmitted an edited version of the film to the ratings board one month later, and the MPAA changed the film to a G rating.[30] ; Rio (2011 film): Rio debuted with $39.2 million during its opening weekend, ranking first at the box office.[41] This was the highest-grossing opening weekend of 2011 that far, finishing the year at sixteenth.[42] It also scored the largest opening weekend in April for an animated feature, and the sixth largest in April overall.[43] On its second weekend (Easter weekend) it retained first place at the box office, dropping only 33% to $26.3 million, therefore surpassing that weekend's releases, Tyler Perry's Madea's Big Happy Family ($25.1 million), Water for Elephants ($16.8 million), and African Cats ($6 million), which ranked second, third, and sixth, respectively.[44] Rio's income of $143.6 million made it Blue Sky's second lowest box office result at the time, surpassing only Robots,[45] and the 18th highest-grossing film of the year in North America.[46] ; Rio (2011 film): In Russia and the CIS, it topped the box office with $11.3 million during its opening weekend (including weekday previews), surpassing Tangled for the largest all-time opening of a non-sequel animated feature. It earned $24.7 million in total, marking the fourth largest animated film of all time.[54] In Venezuela, it has earned $8 million, marking the second-highest-grossing film of all time behind Ice Age 3 ($11.6 million).[55] In Uruguay, it is the fourth highest-grossing film of all time with $754,820 after Titanic ($2.1 million), Avatar ($1.1 million), and Ice Age 3 ($1 million).[56] In Peru, grossing $3.8 million, it is the third-largest animated feature behind Ice Age 3 and Shrek Forever After, and the fourth highest-grossing film of all time behind these two and Avatar.[57] In India, it grossed ₹10,000,000 in three weeks making the biggest animated opener ever.[58] ; Rio (2011 film):  The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 72% approval rating based on 152 reviews, with an average score of 6.4/10. The website's consensus is: "This straightforward movie hits great heights thanks to its colorful visual palette, catchy music, and funny vocal performances."[59] On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to 29 reviews from mainstream critics, the film has an average score of 63 out of 100, indicating "generally favorable reviews".[60] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.[61] ; Leigh Brackett: Most importantly, you see that Brackett's draft, while definitely in need of a rewrite and several tweaks, holds all of the big moments we'd eventually see on screen. We still get a version of the Battle of Hoth (a much more ridiculous one), the wise words of an old Jedi Master, the excitement of zooming through a deadly asteroid field, a love triangle (a MUCH more overt one), a majestic city in the clouds, unexpected betrayals, and the climactic duel between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader that we would reenact on playgrounds for years to come.[15]
Knowledge1:  The episode was written by series executive producer and showrunner Howard Gordon and consulting producer Evan Katz, and was directed by Jeffrey Reiner. It marked both Gordon and Katz's first writing credit in the series, and director Reiner's second directing credit, with the last episode he directed being "The Little Guy", the second episode aired on March 8, 2012. This is the first episode that was not written by series creator and executive producer Kyle Killen. [sep] Knowledge2: Guilty (2011 film): Guilty (French: Présumé coupable, lit. 'Presumed guilty') is a 2011 French drama film directed by Vincent Garenq about the Outreau trial.[2][3] Garenq was nominated for the 2012 Best Writing (Adaptation) César Award and Philippe Torreton was nominated as Best Actor.[4]
Knowledge1: "The Return" was written by Michael Schur, Lee Eisenberg, and Gene Stupnitsky, while series creator and executive producer Greg Daniels directed and Dean Holland edited. The original title of this episode was "Oscar's Return", a reference to the reappearance of actor Oscar Nunez, who had temporarily left the series after the season premiere. Nunez spent the interim working on the Comedy Central series Halfway Home. It was the last episode Daniels filmed before the Thanksgiving holiday, the start of an eight-week break for the cast and crew. Then-president of NBC Entertainment Kevin Reilly played Dwight's first interviewer. Ed Helms noted in the audio commentary that his mother had trouble watching a string of episodes that included "The Return" because [sep] Knowledge2: The Return (2024 film): The project marks the first time Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche appear together since the 1996 Oscar winner The English Patient.[4] In February 2023, Charlie Plummer and Marwan Kenzari were added to the cast.[5][6]
Knowledge1:  rich kid, also fashioned after street hustlers Van Sant had met in Portland. Early drafts of the screenplay were set on Hollywood Boulevard, not Portland, with working titles such as Blue Funk and Minions of the Moon. Rechy's novel inspired Van Sant to change the setting to Portland. The script originally consisted of two separate scenarios: the first (Modern Days) recounted Mike's story; the second updated the Henry IV plays with Scott's story. Van Sant realized he could blend the two stories together in the manner of William S. Burroughs' "cut up" technique. In essence, this method involves various story fragments and ideas mixed and matched [sep] Knowledge2: Mike Rich: A graduate of Oregon State University's College of Business, Rich began his media career as a news reporter for Portland radio station KINK.[1] He transitioned in 2001 from full time at KINK to morning updates while pursuing a screenwriter career.[2] In 1998, he was awarded a Nicholl Fellowship in Screenwriting by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for his first film script Finding Forrester.[1] This film was named after his high school English teacher, Mrs. Forster, from Enterprise High School in Enterprise, Oregon.[citation needed]  He was awarded an honorary dFA by OSU on June 17, 2007, for his acclaim earned by his first two movies.[1]
Knowledge1: Bingo (1974 film)  Bingo is a 1974 French-Canadian thriller directed by Jean-Claude Lord. The plot relates to Quebec's October Crisis of 1970. [sep] Knowledge2: Bingo Morihashi: Unlike Devil May Cry 2, the latest game was a commercial and critical success which led Itsuno to start a project for another title from the series, Devil May Cry 4. Morihashi found problems with the making of this game because he felt the writers did not collaborate well together to the point Morihashi stated he had problems having contact with any of them. Once finishing the scenario, Morihashi quit Capcom. However, requests for help from Itsuno resulted in Morihashi returning to company for one year.[1] Morihashi created the new main character, Nero, alongside other Capcom members in order to give the gamers an appealing character considering Dante achieved high popularity in the previous games.[2][3] ; Bingo (1991 film): Bingo is a 1991 American family comedy film directed by Matthew Robbins and released by TriStar Pictures. ; Bingo (1991 film): The next day, 12-year-old Chuckie (Robert J. Steinmiller Jr.) and his 14-year-old brother, Chickie (David French) along with friends of his go for a bike ride but Chuckie is too slow. To prove to the group that he is not scared, he attempts to jump a bridge (with sunglasses), but based on lack of skills, nearly kills himself in the process. Bingo sees the whole thing and jumps on Chuckie's stomach to get the water out of him. After recovering and going to bed, Chuckie wakes up to find that his dirty clothes have been hung up on the washing line (including Bingo's collar). He eventually finds Bingo and thanks him for saving his life, and they will be friends for life. Bingo finds a fish for Chuckie to eat but encounters a bear in the process, which Bingo manages to drive off. ; Bingo (1991 film): Natalie phones Hal at the stadium and tells him about how Lennie and Eli have Chuckie and are holding him captive. When said that they will pay any amount, Natalie informs him that it is not like that and that Hal needs to miss all his field goals or risk Chuckie being killed. After the phone call, Hal asks if he could have a word with his coach (Howard Storey); he asks him "What's more important, family or football?" to which the coach responds that football is his life. ; Bingo (1974 film): Bingo is a 1974 French-Canadian thriller directed by Jean-Claude Lord. The plot relates to Quebec's October Crisis of 1970.[3][4]
Knowledge1: Mission: Impossible (film series)  Mission: Impossible is a series of American action spy films based on and a follow-on from the created by Bruce Geller. The series is mainly produced by and stars Tom Cruise, whose plays Ethan Hunt, an agent of the Impossible Missions Force (IMF). The films have been directed, written, and scored by various filmmakers and crew, while incorporating musical themes from the original series by Lalo Schifrin.  Starting in 1996, the films (taking place starting six years after the events of the ) follow the missions of the IMF's main field team, under Hunt's leadership, to stop an enemy force and prevent an impending global disaster. The series focuses on Hunt's character, as opposed to the television series's ensemble cast structure, although some characters, such as Luther Stickell (played by Ving Rhames) and Benji Dunn (played by Simon Pegg) have recurring roles.  The series has been positively received from critics and audiences. It the 16th-highest-grossing film series of all time, earning over $3.5 billion worldwide, and is often cited as one of the best action franchises to date. The sixth and most recent film, titled "", was released on July 27, 2018 and is currently the series's highest-grossing entry. The seventh and eighth films, two feature-length parts titled "Dead Reckoning", will serve as a bookend to the series. "" will be released in July 2023, and in June 2024.  The films are co-produced and released by Paramount Pictures and are rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association. [sep] Knowledge2: Mission: Impossible (film): Principal photography took place between March and August 1995 mainly in Prague and England's Pinewood Studios,[12] but some scenes were shot in London, Scotland and the United States.[13] The film was one of the first Hollywood features to be both set and shot in contemporary Prague with extensive filming throughout a number of recognizable places including Charles Bridge, National Museum or Old Town Square.[12] ; Mission: Impossible (film): Apple Inc. had a $15 million promotion linked to the film that included a game, print ads and television spot featuring scenes from the TV show turned into the feature film; dealer and in-theater promos; and a placement of Apple personal computers in the film. This was an attempt on Apple's part to improve their image after posting a $740 million loss in its fiscal second quarter.[23] ; Mission: Impossible (film): Chicago Sun-Times film critic Roger Ebert gave the film three out of four stars and wrote, "This is a movie that exists in the instant, and we must exist in the instant to enjoy it."[40] In his review for The New York Times, Stephen Holden addressed the film's convoluted plot: "If that story doesn't make a shred of sense on any number of levels, so what? Neither did the television series, in which basic credibility didn't matter so long as its sci-fi popular mechanics kept up the suspense."[41] Mike Clark of USA Today gave the film three out of four stars and said that it was "stylish, brisk but lacking in human dimension despite an attractive cast, the glass is either half-empty or half-full here, though the concoction goes down with ease."[42] ; Mission: Impossible (film): Several cast members of the original television series that ran from 1966 to 1973 reacted negatively to the film. Actor Greg Morris, who portrayed Barney Collier in the original television series, was reportedly disgusted with the film's treatment of the Phelps character, and he walked out of the theater before the film ended.[47][48] Peter Graves, who played Jim Phelps in the original series as well as in the late-1980s revival, also disliked how Phelps turned out in the film. Graves had been offered the chance to reprise his role from the TV series but turned it down upon learning his character would be revealed as a traitor.[49]
Knowledge1: The Accused (1988 film)  The Accused is a 1988 American legal drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan from a screenplay written by Tom Topor. The film is loosely based on the 1983 gang rape of Cheryl Araujo in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Set in Washington state, but filmed mainly in Vancouver, British Columbia, the film stars Jodie Foster as Sarah Tobias, a young waitress, who is gang raped by three men at a local bar. With the aid of attorney, Kathryn Murphy (Kelly McGillis), she sets out to prosecute the rapists as well as the men who helped induce the assault. Bernie Coulson, Leo Rossi, Ann Hearn, Carmen Argenziano, Steve Antin and Tom O'Brien are featured in supporting roles.   "The Accused" premiered at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival, where it competed for the Golden Bear. It was released in limited theatres on October 14, 1988 by Paramount Pictures and was highly controversial upon release, mostly due to its graphic representation of gang rape. The film became a critical and commercial success, grossing over $92 million worldwide against a $13 million budget, and was chosen by the National Board of Review as the . Critics praised the film's audacity, the authenticity of the portrayal of its subject matter, and credited it for being one of the first mainstream films to deal with the horrors of rape and its aftermath on a victim's life. Foster's performance marked her breakthrough into adult roles, earning numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress. [sep] Knowledge2: The Accused (1988 film): The Accused premiered at the 39th Berlin International Film Festival, where it competed for the Golden Bear, and was theatrically released in the United States on October 14, 1988. The film was highly controversial upon release due to its graphic portrayal of gang rape. Despite this, it received widespread acclaim from critics, with many praising the performances of the cast and authentic portrayal of its subject matter. It was also a commercial success, grossing $32.1 million worldwide against its $13 million budget, and was chosen by the National Board of Review as the 3rd best film of the year. The film was credited for being one of the first mainstream films to deal with the horrors of rape and its aftermath on a victim's life. Foster's performance marked her breakthrough into adult roles, earning numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 61st Academy Awards.[2][3] ; The Accused (1988 film): The film closes on a title stating, 'In the United States a rape is reported every six minutes. One out of every four rape victims is attacked by two or more assailants'. ; The Accused (1988 film): Following the test screenings, the film received the lowest scores in the history of Paramount. According to Lansing, "The audience thought that Jodie's character deserved the rape."[6] Studio executives wanted to put the film on the shelf and were looking for ways to prevent it from being released. Lansing asked for another screening with just women, which was far more successful. Of the 20 women in the room, 18 had experience with rape — either they or someone they knew had been raped. When tested again months later, it was given one of the highest scores in studio's history.[6] ; The Accused (1988 film): Due to its hardened themes and graphic screenplay, the studio was already skeptical about making the film, and it was essential for the producers to cast a bankable actress in the role of Sarah Tobias. Numerous actresses were offered or considered for the part including Kim Basinger, Demi Moore, Jennifer Beals, Meg Tilly, Rosanna Arquette, and Kristin Davis, but all of them rejected the film due to its gruesome and controversial themes.[7] Producers Sherry Lansing and Stanley R. Jaffe both had serious doubts about casting Foster because they did not think she could be sexual enough for the role of Sarah, also Foster who had recently graduated from Yale and didn't make any successful films during her time at school, wasn't the prime choice for the producers. Following numerous auditions as well as rejection from various established actresses, she was finally cast in the part. ; The Accused (1988 film): Jane Fonda was initially attached to play attorney Kathryn Murphy but left the project as she found the script exploitative and poorly written.[8] Ellen Barkin, Michelle Pfeiffer, Sigourney Weaver, Debra Winger, Meryl Streep and Geena Davis were also considered for the part. Kelly McGillis, who had just experienced commercial success with the action film Top Gun (1986), was cast for the bankable prospects of the film.[6] McGillis was initially offered to play Sarah but declined, citing her personal experience.[9]  She acknowledged at the time of the film's release that she herself had survived a violent attack and rape in 1982 when two men broke into her apartment. Based on her experience, she took on the role of Murphy.
Knowledge1:  Daybreak is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Jacques Feyder and written by Cyril Hume and Ruth Cummings. The film stars Ramon Novarro, Helen Chandler, Jean Hersholt, C. Aubrey Smith, William Bakewell and Karen Morley. The film was released on May 2, 1931, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. [sep] Knowledge2: Daybreak (1993 film): Daybreak is a 1993 American sci-fi thriller television film written and directed by Stephen Tolkin, based on the 1987 Off-Broadway play Beirut by Alan Bowne. It stars Moira Kelly, Cuba Gooding Jr., Martha Plimpton, and Omar Epps, and aired on HBO on May 8, 1993.
Knowledge1:  1973 and wrote the script. It was the first screenplay he wrote entirely by himself and he did the first draft in eight days. Meyer says he rewrote it nine times, with input of the actors. "I think actors contribute to the comfort of words because it's one thing to sit in a little green room somewhere and write dialogue, but when you hear actors speaking it, it doesn't necessarily flow as well as it might," said Meyer. The two main female characters in the film were Superangel and Supervixen. "Superangel, she's totally bad but beautiful," said Meyer. "Supervixen, she's totally good. They're bookends. I like bookend [sep] Knowledge2: Jean-Luc Godard: A Marxist reading is possible with most if not all of Godard's early work. Godard's direct interaction with Marxism does not become explicitly apparent, however, until Week End, where the name Karl Marx is cited in conjunction with figures such as Jesus Christ. A constant refrain throughout Godard's cinematic period is that of the bourgeoisie's consumerism, the commodification of daily life and activity, and man's alienation—all central features of Marx's critique of capitalism.[8]
Knowledge1: Tom Jones (1963 film)  Tom Jones is a 1963 British comedy film, an adaptation of Henry Fielding's classic 1749 novel "The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling", starring Albert Finney as the titular hero. It was one of the most critically acclaimed and popular comedies of its time, and won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The film was produced and directed by Tony Richardson and the screenplay was adapted by playwright John Osborne.  A period piece set in 18th-century Somerset and London, "Tom Jones" was a success both critically and at the box office. At the 36th Academy Awards, it was nominated for ten Oscars, winning four: Best Picture, Best Director for Richardson, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Original Score. It also won two Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and three BAFTA Awards, including Best Film and Best British Film.  In 1999, the British Film Institute ranked it as the 51st greatest British film of the 20th century. [sep] Knowledge2: Tom Jones (1963 film): Tom Jones is a 1963 British comedy film, an adaptation of Henry Fielding's classic 1749 novel The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling, starring Albert Finney as the title hero. It was one of the most critically acclaimed and popular comedies of its time,[6] and won four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The film was produced and directed by Tony Richardson and the screenplay was adapted by playwright John Osborne. ; Tom Jones (1963 film): A period piece set in 18th-century Somerset, Gloucestershire and London, Tom Jones was a success both critically and at the box office. At the 36th Academy Awards, it was nominated for ten Oscars, winning four: Best Picture, Best Director for Richardson, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Original Score. It also won two Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and three BAFTA Awards, including Best Film and Best British Film. ; Tom Jones (1963 film): In 1999, the British Film Institute ranked it as the 51st greatest British film of the 20th century. ; Tom Jones (1963 film): While the British production company Bryanston Films was hesitating over whether to make the film in colour, it went bankrupt. United Artists stepped in to finance the film and make it a colour production.[7] ; Tom Jones (1963 film): Overall the production faced challenges of disasters, near-disasters and squabbles caused by films being shot on location in the spotty English weather. The film has an unusual comic style: The opening sequence has subtitles and brisk action in the manner of a silent film. Later in the film, characters sometimes break the fourth wall, often by looking directly into the camera and addressing the audience. In one scene the character of Tom Jones suddenly appears to notice the camera and covers the lens with his hat. Another unusual feature is an unseen narrator, voiced by Micheál Mac Liammóir. His mock-serious commentaries between certain scenes deplore the action of several characters as well as the weaknesses in human character, and he provides a poetic denouement for the film.
Knowledge1:  Source: [sep] Knowledge2: One (Harry Nilsson song): A better-known cover version, recorded by Three Dog Night, reached number five on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100[4] in 1969 and number four in Canada. In 1969, the song was also recorded by Australian pop singer Johnny Farnham, reaching number four  on the Go-Set National Top 40 Chart.[5] ; One (Harry Nilsson song): The song reached number five on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and spent three weeks at number two on the Cash Box Top 100.[9]  It also reached number four in Canada. ; One (Harry Nilsson song): ^ Shipments figures based on certification alone. ; Ennio Morricone: As memorable as Leone's close-ups, harsh violence, and black comedy, Morricone's work helped to expand the musical possibilities of film scoring. Initially, Morricone was billed on the film as Dan Savio, a name they had used on Duello nel Texas to help its appeal on the international market. A Fistful of Dollars came out in Italy in 1964 and was released in America three years later, greatly popularising the so-called Spaghetti Western genre. For the American release, Sergio Leone followed Morricone and Massimo Dallamano's lead and decided to adopt an American-sounding name, Bob Robertson. Over the film's theatrical release, it grossed more than any other Italian film up to that point.[49] The film debuted in the United States in January 1967, where it grossed US$4.5 million for the year.[49] It eventually grossed $14.5 million in its American release,[49] against its budget of US$200,000.[50][51]
Knowledge1: Hello (Lionel Richie song)  "Hello" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lionel Richie. Taken as the third single from his second solo album, "Can't Slow Down" (1983), the song was released in 1984 and reached number one on three "Billboard" music charts: the pop chart (for two weeks), the R&B chart (for three weeks), and the Adult Contemporary chart (for six weeks). The song also went to number one on the UK Singles Chart for six weeks.  The song was subject to a lawsuit by songwriter Marjorie Hoffman White, who accused Richie of plagiarizing her 1978 composition "I'm Not Ready to Go". [sep] Knowledge2: Hello (Lionel Richie song): The song is memorable for the line "Hello, is it me you're looking for?" The phrase started the song's composition, as when James Anthony Carmichael visited Richie, the singer greeted him that way, to which Carmichael replied, "Finish that song." Richie initially felt that the song was "corny" but ultimately "by the time I finished the verse, I fell in love with the song again."[10] Several publications have commented on similarities in the theme of the song and accompanying video with that of "Hello" by British singer Adele.[11][12]
Knowledge1: Ghost (Justin Bieber song)  "Ghost" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was sent to French radio stations through Universal Music Group on September 10, 2021, as the sixth and final single from his sixth studio album, "Justice". Bieber wrote the song with producers Jon Bellion and the Monsters & Strangerz (Jordan K. Johnson and Stefan Johnson), alongside Michael Pollack.<ref name="AS"/> Commercially, "Ghost" reached number one in Malaysia and Singapore and charted within the top ten in Canada, Indonesia, Ireland, Lebanon, the Philippines, and the United States. [sep] Knowledge2: Ghost (musical): Ghost is a musical with book and lyrics by Bruce Joel Rubin and music and lyrics by Dave Stewart and Glen Ballard. ; Ghost (musical): The plot centres on lovers Sam and Molly, who are attacked as they are returning to their apartment. When Sam dies he becomes caught between the real world and the next. Molly is in danger and Sam cannot leave her. A medium, Oda Mae Brown, helps Sam to get in touch with Molly to warn her. ; Ghost (musical): The musical starts when Sam Wheat and his long-time girlfriend, Molly Jensen, move into a loft apartment in Brooklyn together ("Here Right Now"). Sam is a banker, Molly a sculptor, and their friend Carl Bruner is introduced as one of Sam's co-workers, come to help them settle in. The three of them seem to be a tight-knit group, with Sam and Molly very much in love. However, Sam clearly shies away from the word "love", which makes Molly visibly uncomfortable. She starts to say something about it, but soon stops herself, and Sam distracts her with a rendition of "Unchained Melody", leaving her insecurities temporarily forgotten. ; Ghost (musical): Back at the apartment, Carl helps Molly clear out some of Sam's old things; clearly, she's hesitant to let go, totally unbeknownst to the fact that Sam is very close by, unable to move on himself. When she's alone, the man that killed Sam sneaks in and begins to ransack the place while Molly is upstairs, forcing Sam into a panic that he'll hurt her, too. Sam manages to spook the man and he flees. Needing to know who he is, Sam pushes himself through the front door with great effort, and follows the man all the way back to his own apartment. He finds out that the man's name is Willie Lopez, and that he'd eventually go back for what he was looking for. Desperate, Sam then seeks out a psychic, Oda Mae Brown, who seems to be a total fraud ("Are You a Believer?"). By some miracle, she actually hears Sam, and he convinces her to go talk to Molly on his behalf - by singing '10,000 Bottles of Beer on the Wall' obnoxiously, no less. In the meantime, Molly is grieving and not taking the loss very well ("With You"). She gets a visit from Oda Mae, but Molly is hesitant to believe, until Oda Mae starts parroting things that only Sam would know. Eventually, she comes around, and agrees to listen. Through Oda Mae, Sam tells her that he was set up, murdered, and that she needs to go to the police; Oda Mae bails as soon as she hears the word. Molly takes this information to Carl, who tells her that it's crazy, but promises to check it out. She goes to the police and Carl goes straight to Willie's place where a distraught Sam discovers the truth, in that his murder to hide Carl's financial misdeeds. As Molly swears to suspend all disbelief, a drunken Carl wanders the streets trying to convince himself it was not his fault ("Suspend My Disbelief/I Had a Life"). ; Ghost (musical): With the help of another ghost on the subway, Sam learns how to move objects ("Focus") and returns to Oda Mae's place to enlist her help once more ("Talkin' Bout a Miracle"). Suddenly, Oda Mae is a legitimate psychic, with the ability to call on other spirits instead of resorting to fraud. While Sam is there, Willie Lopez finds her, and she has to run for her life. Sam uses his newfound abilities to spook him and chase him away, but Willie runs into traffic and dies. Unlike Sam, he is not offered a white light, but it's implied that he's dragged somewhere completely different. However, Sam knows that it isn't over, and he begs Oda Mae to help him stop Carl from getting to the money, in order to protect Molly.
Knowledge1: Solo [sep] Knowledge2: Solo: A Star Wars Story: The film opened in 4,381 theaters, the ninth-highest total ever, including 3,300 3D locations and 400 IMAX screens. It grossed $14.1 million from Thursday night previews, the lowest of the Disney Star Wars films but the best-ever for Memorial Day weekend, besting the $13.2 million made by Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End (2007). Including Thursday previews, the film made $35.6 million on its first day, lowering weekend projections to $115 million. It grossed just $84.4 million in its opening weekend (and $103 million over the four–day weekend), far below projections and marking the lowest Star Wars debut since Attack of the Clones (2002), although it did set a new career-high opening for Howard.[136][137] Deadline Hollywood compared the below-expectations opening to Justice League the previous November, and attributed it to fan negativity toward the concept and the behind-the-scenes problems, as well as competition from Deadpool 2 and Avengers: Infinity War.[128] Many analysts and publications, including Deadline, The Atlantic, Entertainment Weekly and CNN, interpreted the low box office returns as a case of "Star Wars fatigue", since Solo was the fourth film of the series released in 29 months, and came just five months after The Last Jedi.[138][139][140] Other analysts attributed the film's underperformance to lackluster marketing,[141][142] as well as the divided fan reception to The Last Jedi.[143] Solo dropped 65% in its second weekend to $29.4 million, the worst sophomore frame for any Star Wars film since the original trilogy.[144][145] It dropped another 46% in its third weekend to $15.7 million, finishing second behind newcomer Ocean's 8, and $10 million in its fourth week, finishing fourth.[146][147] ; Solo (Clean Bandit song): "Solo" was a worldwide hit. It topped the charts in thirteen countries, earned Diamond certifications in France and Poland, and went platinum in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Knowledge1:  To Live (Italian: Vivere!) is a 1937 Italian musical drama film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Tito Schipa, Caterina Boratto and Nino Besozzi. The film is noted for its title song, composed by Cesare A. Bixio. It was distributed by the Italian subsidiary of MGM. [sep] Knowledge2: Arvo Pärt: In 1980, after a prolonged struggle with Soviet officials, he was allowed to emigrate with his wife and their two sons. He lived first in Vienna, where he took Austrian citizenship, and then relocated to Berlin in 1981. He returned to Estonia around the turn of the 21st century and for a while lived alternately in Berlin[51] and Tallinn.[4] He now resides in Laulasmaa, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Tallinn.[52] He speaks fluent German as a result of living in Germany from 1981.[53][54][55]
Knowledge1: Tailor Wibbel  Tailor Wibbel (German:Schneider Wibbel) a 1938 opera by the German composer Mark Lothar. It is based on the 1913 comedy play "Wibbel the Tailor" by Hans Müller-Schlösser. Müller-Schlösser wrote the opera's libretto. It premiered at the Berlin State Opera on 12 May 1938. [sep] Knowledge2: Tailor Wibbel: Tailor Wibbel (German:Schneider Wibbel) a 1938 opera by the German composer Mark Lothar. It is based on the 1913 comedy play Wibbel the Tailor by Hans Müller-Schlösser. Müller-Schlösser wrote the opera's libretto.[1] It premiered at the Berlin State Opera on 12 May 1938.; Tailor Wibbel: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  To The West, with words by Charles Mackay and music by Henry Russell, was one of the most popular songs of the mid-nineteenth century in England. Of the song Russell boasted at the time that it created such a furore at the time of the mass emigrations of the 1840s that it "induced many thousands of people to turn attention to the promises held out by the New World." [sep] Knowledge2: Ennio Morricone: As memorable as Leone's close-ups, harsh violence, and black comedy, Morricone's work helped to expand the musical possibilities of film scoring. Initially, Morricone was billed on the film as Dan Savio, a name they had used on Duello nel Texas to help its appeal on the international market. A Fistful of Dollars came out in Italy in 1964 and was released in America three years later, greatly popularising the so-called Spaghetti Western genre. For the American release, Sergio Leone followed Morricone and Massimo Dallamano's lead and decided to adopt an American-sounding name, Bob Robertson. Over the film's theatrical release, it grossed more than any other Italian film up to that point.[49] The film debuted in the United States in January 1967, where it grossed US$4.5 million for the year.[49] It eventually grossed $14.5 million in its American release,[49] against its budget of US$200,000.[50][51]
Knowledge1:  The Witch is a ballet made by John Cranko to Maurice Ravel's Piano Concerto in G Major (1931). The premiere took place Friday, 18 August 1950 at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, London. The Witch (2015 film)  The Witch (stylized as The VVitch, and subtitled A New-England Folktale) is a 2015 folk horror film written and directed by Robert Eggers in his feature directorial debut. It stars Anya Taylor-Joy in her first film appearance, along with Ralph Ineson, Kate Dickie, Harvey Scrimshaw, Ellie Grainger, and Lucas Dawson. Set in 1630s New England, it follows a Puritan family who encounter forces of evil in the woods beyond their farm.  An international co-production of the United States and Canada, "The Witch" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 27, 2015, and was widely released by A24 on February 19, 2016, to critical and financial success, grossing $40 million against a $4 million budget. [sep] Knowledge2: The Witch (song): "The Witch" is a song by the American garage rock band the Sonics, written by vocalist Gerry Roslie, and first released as the group's debut single in November 1964 (see 1964 in music). It also appears on the Sonics' debut album Here Are the Sonics!!!. Arguably among the most frantic and heaviest recordings of the era, "The Witch" is regarded as being a quintessential stepping stone in the development of punk rock despite the fact the tune never reached national success. Since the song's original release, "The Witch" has appeared on numerous compilation albums, most notably the 1998 reissue of Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era, 1965–1968.
Knowledge1: Images is a cycle of piano pieces composed by Howard Skempton in 1989. This work and a variations set, The Durham Strike, are the only large-scale piano works by Skempton, although he has been composing piano music since the beginning of his career. The work was commissioned by Channel 4's HTV West for "Images", a six-part television series of documentaries dealing with various aspects of photography. The series was created to mark the 150th anniversary of the invention of photography. The producer, Barrie Gavin, wanted the music to be similar in concept to Erik Satie's Gymnopedies: in the words of the composer,   pieces were to be "like a sculpture viewed from different angles in a changing light." The pianist who performed Images for the TV series was Michael Finnissy. Images comprises eight preludes, two "songs" (The Cockfight: a traditional song and Song 2), a set of variations, eight interludes and a postlude (Postlude: The Keel Row). In concert, the order of the pieces is not fixed and is left for the performer to determine. The eight preludes contain the pieces that directly correspond to Gavin's request. Preludes 1&ndash;3, all written on three staves and in 3/8 time, share identical rhythmic and melodic structure of [sep] Knowledge2: Images (composition): Images (usually pronounced in French as [i.maʒ]) is a suite of six compositions for solo piano by Claude Debussy. They were published in two books/series, each consisting of three pieces. These works are distinct from Debussy's Images pour orchestre. The first book was composed between 1901 and 1905, and the second book was composed in 1907.[1] The total duration is approximately 30 minutes. With respect to the first series of Images, Debussy wrote to his publisher, Jacques Durand: "Without false pride, I feel that these three pieces hold together well, and that they will find their place in the literature of the piano ... to the left of Schumann, or to the right of Chopin... "[2] ; Images (composition): Debussy wrote another collection, Images oubliées (L. 87), in the Winter of 1894 and dedicated it to Yvonne Lerolle, daughter of the painter Henry Lerolle. ; Images (composition): No. 2 is the first version of "Sarabande" from Pour le piano (L. 95, 1901); no. 3 is an early version of "Jardins sous la pluie" from Estampes (L. 100, 1903). ; Images (composition): "Hommage à Rameau" is more subdued. It is a sarabande honouring the memory of Jean-Philippe Rameau.[2] ; Images (composition): "Mouvement" is the most abstract designation of the pieces. It is a perpetuum mobile, meaning that it is built around a continuous stream of notes.[5]
Knowledge1:  The film's soundtrack was composed by Ghibran. The soundtrack features seven songs and one instrumentals from the original score. The album was launched at Sathyam Cinemas, Chennai on 26 April 2017. The soundtrack included a song sung by actor Karthi, as well as three short songs sung by the film's leading veteran actresses. [sep] Knowledge2: Dasavathaaram: On 20 December 2004, Govind is a bio-scientist at BEAGLE II Labortaries, a US-based corporate company researching on nanobiotechnology and pathogens. He witnesses Hanu, the lab monkey, swallowing a viral vector intended to be a bio-weapon for defending further terrorist actions after September 11 attacks as per the orders of the President of United States George W. Bush. Grieving Hanu's death, Govind quarantines the lab and fills it with concentrated salt solution to deactivate the virus; he refuses to relinquish the main vial, having recognized its lethal potential and dreading misuse. Govind discerns the senior scientist Dr. Sethu's malicious plan of selling the vial to a terrorist organization and absconds with the vial while the guards and officials pursue him. He flees to the residence of his colleague Suresh, who deceives him. Christian Fletcher, a ruthless ex-CIA agent and mercenary working for a terrorist group, fast-ropes down to Suresh's apartment with a crossbow, murders Suresh and attempts to seize the vial. While Govind makes a quick exit with the vial, Yukha Narahazi, Suresh's wife and an Aikido champion from Hiroshima, fights Fletcher and protects Govind only to be killed ultimately. Govind meets his friend Sairam, who inadvertently ships the package containing vial to India; Govind boards the aircraft carrying the virus, flies to India and discovers that the package is being delivered to Krishnaveni, an aged woman in Chidambaram.  ; Dasavathaaram: Next day, on 26 December 2004, Govind intends to immerse the virus into the sea (which obviously consists of salt) to destroy it; Fletcher, nevertheless, combats him again, only to be desisted by Narahazi, who seeks apology from Govind for mistaking him to be Yukha's murderer. Subsequently, Balram arrives in his helicopter and threatens Fletcher to surrender. Caught between the duo, Fletcher swallows the virus and succumbs to its deadly communicable effects while the others stare helplessly. A tsunami washes Fletcher away and generates considerable destruction while simultaneously ceasing the impact of the virus, which had the prospects of destroying the entire state. Govind, Andal, Narahazi and Balram survive the disaster while Vincent, who was invited to negotiate with Sundaram's brother-in-law Raghavendra, succumbs to the catastrophe in the process of rescuing Raghavendra and his wife Meenakshi's kids. As the disarray comes to an end ultimately, Krishnaveni mistakes Vincent for his long-lost son (who had died 50 years ago) and mourns while Khalifulla and his kin, who were gathered in a Mosque by Balram for investigation, get through the calamity and Narahazi immerses Yukha's ashes in the sea. Avatar's cancerous growth is taken away due to Fletcher's shot, rescuing him from death. Andal, meanwhile, insists that God initiated the tsunami to cease the virus from causing destruction while Govind disagrees, stating that it was not fair to kill thousands to protect millions. They, however, unite and profess their feelings for each other while Nambi's remains, shackled to the idol of Vishnu, are on the banks (due to the tsunami).  ; Dasavathaaram: Two days prior to the release, the film was shown to film personalities of Indian cinema at Four Films Cinema in Chennai, with the film receiving praise.[45] The film earned a total pre-release revenue of ₹ 500 million[46] from selling all its rights. ; Dasavathaaram: Sony Pictures India distributed the film in North India, whilst Ayngaran International sold the film to cinema halls in the United Kingdom, Singapore and the Gulf.[47] Canadian rights for the film were bought by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, becoming the first distributional venture of an Indian film by the production house.[48] Narmadha Travels acquired the rights from Aascar Films to distribute the film in the United States of America.[49] ; Dasavathaaram: The satellite rights of Tamil version of the film were sold to Kalaignar TV for ₹ 45 million.[55]
Knowledge1: "I Am in Love" is a 1953 popular song written by Cole Porter, for his musical Can-Can, where it was introduced by Peter Cookson.  "I'm in Love" is a 1981 single by singer Evelyn "Champagne" King. The single was a hit on three different music charts in the United States, hitting number one on both the Soul and dance charts and number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was the first of two chart entries by King to reach number one on both the Soul and dance charts. The song has been frequently popularised through YouTube fan videos. [sep] Knowledge2: Friday I'm in Love: Robert Smith, the song's primary writer, described it in 1992 as both "a throw your hands in the air, let's get happy kind of record" and "a very naïve, happy type of pop song."[6]
Knowledge1: Alexander Scriabin's Prelude, Op. 49, No. 2 is the second of his Trois Morceaux Op. 49 (Three Pieces), which were written in 1905. It is notated in F major, 3/4 measure, with a speed of 69 per quarter note, and lasts for 23 measures (and an upbeat). It should be expressed Bruscamente irato (very irate). [sep] Knowledge2: Prelude in F major, Op. 49, No. 2 (Scriabin): This article about a classical composition is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Rachmaninoff composed the concerto in Dresden completing it on September 23, 1909. Contemporary with this work are his First Piano Sonata and his tone poem The Isle of the Dead. Owing to its difficulty, the concerto is respected, even feared, by many pianists. Josef Hofmann, the pianist to whom the work is dedicated, never publicly performed it, saying that it "wasn't for" him. Gary Graffman lamented he had not learned this concerto as a student, when he was "still too young to know fear". Due to time constraints, Rachmaninoff could not practice the piece while in Russia. Instead, he practiced it on a silent keyboard that he brought with him while en route to the United States. The concerto [sep] Knowledge2: Piano Concerto No. 1 (Chopin): Written with much procrastination, hesitation, and difficulty, the third movement features Krakowiak rhythms, a syncopated, duple-time popular dance in contemporary Kraków.[13] It became one of the last pieces written by Chopin before the political turmoil in Poland that prevented him from returning. When, after completing the Rondo in August 1830, he played it privately — first with a string quartet and then a small orchestral ensemble.
Knowledge1: Reißt euch los, bedrängte Sinnen (You are torn loose, afflicted sinners), BWV 224, is a cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. He composed it in Leipzig in 1724 for an unknown occasion. The author of the text is unknown and there are only 30 measures of aria for soprano extant, copied by C. P. E. Bach. [sep] Knowledge2:  					Reißt euch los, bekränkte Sinnen, BWV 224 (Bach, Johann Sebastian)				: PDF scanned by D-B Sallen112 (2022/10/12)
Knowledge1: Homecoming (Kanye West song)  "Homecoming" is a song by American hip-hop recording artist Kanye West. It was included as the twelfth song on his third studio album "Graduation" (2007). The track was produced by West with Warryn Campbell and features a guest appearance from Chris Martin, lead vocalist of the British alternative rock band Coldplay. Martin sings the song's chorus and outro and provides a piano-driven motif. The song is a hip hop beat with pop-oriented refrains while also integrating elements of post-punk and new wave with arena rock sensibilities. "Homecoming" is written as a tribute dedicated to West's hometown of Chicago, Illinois. His conceptual lyricism expresses an extended metaphor where he personifies Chicago as a childhood sweetheart to convey his relationship with the city.  A reworking of a track entitled "Home (Windy)," the song first originated from a 2001 demo tape. While the lyrical content of the verses largely remain the same, the lyrics of the chorus for the original incarnation of "Homecoming" are different and were sung by singer John Legend. In addition, this recording had exhibited West's once trademark soulful vocal sample production style. "Homecoming" came about when West met Martin for the first time by chance at the famed Abbey Road Studios in London in February 2006. Afterwards, the two held an impromptu jam session and recorded the track, with Martin requesting that West alter the tone of his approach to the songwriting and production.  Although it was intended be the lead single of "Graduation", the song was released as the fifth and final single from the album on February 18, 2008. The single was met with moderate commercial success in the United States and Canada. It was more successful overseas, peaking in the top twenty on European charts and reaching the top-ten positions in Ireland and the United Kingdom. "Homecoming" has since been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).  Upon its release, "Homecoming" received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics. Though West was complimented for his introspective lyricism and storytelling abilities, Martin's contribution was met with polarizing reactions, with many criticizing his appearance due to him not being from Chicago. An accompanying music video for the single was directed by Hype Williams and filmed in Chicago. Shot entirely in black-and-white, the video features a montage of West traversing the streets of Chicago and showcases its landmarks, monuments and people. The music video was very well-received and praised for the way West's hometown is visually paid homage. It was nominated for Best Hip-Hop Video at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Homecoming (Kanye West song): Despite divided opinions regarding Chris Martin, "Homecoming" has managed to appear on several lists of West's best songs. Paste magazine ranks "Homecoming" as West's fifty-first best album track.[22] Complex listed both the original John Legend version and the Chris Martin version of "Home"/"Homecoming" at thirty-eight among West's one-hundred best songs.[9] "Homecoming" was also declared the fiftieth greatest Chicago rap song by Complex.[83] To honor his thirty-ninth birthday, The Jamaica Observer composed a list of the top ten best songs Kanye West has ever made, in which "Homecoming" was included.[84] Highsnobiety cited "Homecoming" as the fortieth best Kanye West song, referring to it as a "classic Kanye cut."[85] For their list of Kanye West's 10 Most Stripped-Down, Minimal Songs, head writer Jordan Darville of ChartAttack placed "Homecoming" at number four. In regards to the track's inward lyricism, he wrote, "The synth-rap epics on Graduation are on a race to outdo each other, which make its introspective moments that much more deeply felt."[26] Billboard cited "Homecoming" as among West's ten most romantic songs and stated that it is one of the most loving hometown tributes that rap music has to offer.[86] CraveOnline ranked "Homecoming" at the very top of their list of Kanye West's fifteen best songs. When summarizing the composition, it stated, "Even though this storytelling track is very personal, and therefore not directly relatable, Kanye reaches its high point topically and instrumentally, proving his expertise as both a producer and a rapper. Coldplay's singer Chris Martin features on the chorus, but the main star of this track is the piano instrumental ... The love ode to Chicago turns out to be familiar to everyone, regardless of their location, class, gender or whether they've left their first home."[24] Jeva Lange of The Week named it as West's best track, though Lange voiced the opinion that "With the exception of myself, nobody will tell you 'Homecoming' is West's magnum opus."[87] "Homecoming" received a nomination for Best R&B/Hip-Hop Track at the 2008 Teen Choice Awards.[88]
Knowledge1: The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif is an opera in two acts by contemporary American composer Stephen Hartke, with an English libretto by the Philip Littell, based on the short story Boule de Suif by Guy de Maupassant. It was commissioned by the Glimmerglass Opera, and premiered on 22 July 2006 at Glimmerglass, in Cooperstown, New York.  Response to the opera in 2006 was mixed. Alex Ross of The New Yorker called The Greater Good "a tightly constructed, vividly imagined piece that may mark the emergence of a major opera composer." The Los Angeles Times, despite complaining that "exploring [the characters'] inner lives leads nowhere", praised Hartke's music for its liveliness and theatrical flair. On the other hand, the Toronto Star said that "Hartke's music, while easy enough to listen to, became even easier to forget". Burchett Glimmerglass Opera Orchestra Robertson Naxos   The opera is set in 1871, at the end of the Franco-Prussian War. In Act I, a group of French citizens flee Rouen, which has been occupied by the Prussians, travelling to Le Havre in a stagecoach. The prostitute Boule de Suif is initially snubbed by all of the other, more "proper" passengers. However, Boule is the only one to have planned ahead for the trip and brought a basket of food. She takes pity on her hungry travelling companions and shares her food with them. For Boule's kindness and generosity, they are all grateful and become friendly to her. When the coach reaches the village of Tôtes, the occupants are detained at an inn by Prussian soldiers. In Act II, the travelers learn that the Prussian commandant will not permit them to continue on their way unless Boule sleeps with him. The others initially support Boule in rejecting the commandant's demand, but over time their attitude changes and they urge Boule to comply. Eventually, she complies for "the greater good". In the final scene, travelers resume their journey, but Boule is once again ostracized by those whom she had saved. The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif  The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif is an opera in two acts by contemporary American composer Stephen Hartke, with an English libretto by the Philip Littell, based on the short story Boule de Suif by Guy de Maupassant. It was commissioned by the Glimmerglass Opera, and premiered on 22 July 2006 at Glimmerglass, in Cooperstown, New York. [sep] Knowledge2: The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif: The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif is an opera in two acts by contemporary American composer Stephen Hartke, with an English libretto by Philip Littell, based on the short story Boule de Suif by Guy de Maupassant.  It was commissioned by the Glimmerglass Opera, and premiered on 22 July 2006 at Glimmerglass, in Cooperstown, New York. ; The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif: The opera is set in 1871, at the end of the Franco-Prussian War.  In Act I, a group of French citizens flee Rouen, which has been occupied by the Prussians, travelling to Le Havre in a stagecoach.  The prostitute Boule de Suif is initially snubbed by all of the other, more "proper" passengers.  However, Boule is the only one to have planned ahead for the trip and brought a basket of food.  She takes pity on her hungry travelling companions and shares her food with them. For Boule's kindness and generosity, they are all grateful and become friendly to her.  When the coach reaches the village of Tôtes, the occupants are detained at an inn by Prussian soldiers. ; The Greater Good, or the Passion of Boule de Suif: In Act II, the travelers learn that the Prussian commandant will not permit them to continue on their way unless Boule sleeps with him. The others initially support Boule in rejecting the commandant's demand, but over time their attitude changes and they urge Boule to comply. Eventually, she complies for "the greater good". In the final scene, travelers resume their journey, but Boule is once again ostracized by those whom she had saved. ; Boule de Suif: Due to the terrible weather, the coach moves very slowly and by midday has only covered a few miles. The occupants initially snub Boule de Suif, but their attitudes change when she produces a picnic basket full of lovely food and offers to share its contents with the hungry travellers. ; Boule de Suif: At the village of Tôtes, the carriage stops at the local coaching inn, and the occupants, hearing a German voice, realise they have blundered into Prussian-held territory. A Prussian officer detains the party at the inn indefinitely without telling them why. Over the next two days, the travellers become increasingly impatient, and are finally told by Boule de Suif that they are being detained until she agrees to sleep with the officer. She is repeatedly called before the officer, and always returns in a heightened state of agitation. Initially, the travellers support her and are furious at the officer's arrogance, but their indignation soon disappears as they grow angry at Boule de Suif for not sleeping with the officer so that they can leave. Over the course of the next two days, the travelers use various examples of logic and morality to convince her it is the right thing to do; she finally gives in and sleeps with the officer, who allows them to leave the next morning.
Knowledge1: Gisela! was first performed in the Maschinenhalle of the, Gladbeck, Germany, on 25 September 2010 as part of the Ruhrtriennale music and arts festival by the contemporary music ensemble musikFabrik in collaboration with local youth groups and students of the Folkwang University, Essen. The work was commissioned 2008 by the Ruhr.2010 (European Culture Capital 2010) and the Semperoper, Dresden, where it was performed on 20 November 2010. A performance lasts for about 1 hour and 15 minutes. The conductor Steven Sloane (who was also the music director of the Ruhr.2010 festival) first performed the work. Pierre Audi directed, the cast included Hanna Herfurtner as Gisela, Fausto Reinhardt as Gennaro and Michael Dahmen as Hanspeter. The Semperoper team included the conductor Erik Nielsen and the director Elisabeth Stöppler, with Nadja Mchantaf as Gisela, Giorgio Berrugi as Gennaro and Markus Butter as Hanspeter.  'Gisela! oder: Die merk- und denkwürdigen Wege des Glücks (German for Gisela! or: The Strange and Memorable Ways of Happiness') is an opera by Hans Werner Henze.  The two first productions of Gisela! at the Ruhrtriennale and in Dresden show the two possible performing options: at the Ruhrtriennale all the performers were young people, mostly teens, and in Dresden the Staatskapelle and Staatsopernchor as well as the main Ensemble performed the work. The original commission, as discussed with Hans Werner Henze, Michael Kerstan, Ruhr.2010 music director Steven Sloane and Eytan Pessen was to continue the direction of Henze's Pollicino (a work written for children performers). Gisela!'s target performers are teenagers and young singers, although the score is demanding for orchestra, chorus and soloists – it is nevertheless performable by talented young singers. The Dresden version includes a slightly expanded arietta for the role of Hanspeter, and numerous changes. It is this version that was published. [sep] Knowledge2: Gisela!: Gisela! oder: Die merk- und denkwürdigen Wege des Glücks (German for Gisela! or: The Strange and Memorable Ways of Happiness) is an opera by Hans Werner Henze. ; Gisela!: Gisela! was first performed in the Maschinenhalle of the Zeche Zweckel [de], Gladbeck, Germany, on 25 September 2010 as part of the Ruhrtriennale music and arts festival by the contemporary music ensemble musikFabrik in collaboration with local youth groups and students of the Folkwang University, Essen.[1] The work was commissioned 2008 by the Ruhr.2010 (European Culture Capital 2010) and the Semperoper, Dresden,[2] where it was performed on 20 November 2010.[3] A performance lasts for about 1 hour and 15 minutes. The conductor Steven Sloane (who was also the music director of the Ruhr.2010 festival) first performed the work. Pierre Audi directed, the cast included Hanna Herfurtner as Gisela, Fausto Reinhardt as Gennaro and Michael Dahmen as Hanspeter. The Semperoper team included the conductor Erik Nielsen and the director Elisabeth Stöppler, with Nadja Mchantaf as Gisela, Giorgio Berrugi as Gennaro and Markus Butter as Hanspeter.[4] ; Gisela!: The two first productions of Gisela! at the Ruhrtriennale and in Dresden show the two possible performing options: at the Ruhrtriennale all the performers were young people, mostly teens, and in Dresden the Staatskapelle and Staatsopernchor as well as the main Ensemble performed the work. The original commission, as discussed with Hans Werner Henze, Michael Kerstan, Ruhr.2010 music director Steven Sloane and Eytan Pessen[5] was to continue the direction of Henze's Pollicino (a work written for children performers). Gisela!'s target performers are teenagers and young singers, although the score is demanding for orchestra, chorus and soloists – it is nevertheless performable by talented young singers. The Dresden version includes a slightly expanded arietta for the role of Hanspeter, and numerous changes. It is this version that was published. ; Gisela!: This opera was to be Hans Werner Henze's last. It is in some ways a parable to Henze's own life[6] – a person from the north of Germany falling in love with Italy.[7] The piece tells the story of a young student's love triangle, the choice Gisela has to make between her German boyfriend and the Italian alternative, as well as the difficulty of the Italian Gennaro to come to terms with life in northern Germany. It is interesting that Gisela's nightmares are based on Bach's music, eerily transformed. Gennaro chooses to express himself by singing "Aggio Saputo", a Neapolitan song which Henze used once before in his Neapolitan songs for baritone and orchestra. ; Gisela!: Gisela, a young student of art history from the city of Oberhausen, visits Naples with her boyfriend Hanspeter and a group of superficial and arrogant students. They attend a commedia dell'arte performance in a folk theatre and Gisela is fascinated by the young actor Gennaro who plays the role of Pulcinella. Gisela and Gennaro encounter each other the next day and fall in love. They plan to flee from Naples and the group. Hanspeter, who had planned to propose to Gisela at a restaurant, hears that she has fled to Germany with Gennaro.
Knowledge1: The Iron Giant  The Iron Giant is a 1999 American animated science fiction film produced by Warner Bros. Feature Animation and directed by Brad Bird in his directorial debut. It is based on the 1968 novel "The Iron Man" by Ted Hughes (which was published in the United States as "The Iron Giant") and was scripted by Tim McCanlies from a story treatment by Bird. The film stars the voices of Jennifer Aniston, Harry Connick Jr., Vin Diesel, James Gammon, Cloris Leachman, John Mahoney, Eli Marienthal, Christopher McDonald, and M. Emmet Walsh. Set during the Cold War in 1957, the film centers on a young boy named Hogarth Hughes, who discovers and befriends a giant alien robot. With the help of a beatnik artist named Dean McCoppin, Hogarth attempts to prevent the U.S. military and Kent Mansley, a paranoid federal agent, from finding and destroying the Giant.  The film's development began in 1994 as a musical with the involvement of the Who's Pete Townshend, though the project took root once Bird signed on as director and hired McCanlies to write the screenplay in 1996. The film was animated using traditional animation, with computer-generated imagery used to animate the Iron Giant and other effects. The understaffed crew of the film completed it with half of the time and budget of other animated features. Michael Kamen composed the film's score, which was performed by the Czech Philharmonic.  "The Iron Giant" premiered at Mann's Chinese Theater in Los Angeles on July 31, 1999, and was released in the United States on August 6. The film significantly underperformed at the box office, grossing $31.3 million worldwide against a production budget of $50 million, which was blamed on Warner Bros.' unusually poor marketing campaign and skepticism towards animated film production following the mixed critical reception and box office failure of "Quest for Camelot" in the preceding year. Despite this, the film was praised for its story, animation, characters, the portrayal of the title character and the voice performances of Aniston, Connick Jr., Diesel, Mahoney, Marienthal, and McDonald. The film was nominated for several awards, winning nine Annie Awards out of 15 nominations. Through home video releases and television syndication, the film gathered a cult following and is widely regarded as a modern animated classic, and one of the greatest animated films ever made. In 2015, an extended, remastered version of the film was re-released theatrically, and on home video the following year.<ref name="BOBuz" /><ref name="BR" /> [sep] Knowledge2: The Giant (opera): The opera is apparently nearly entirely lost, although Nestyev quotes some musical extracts.
Knowledge1:  "To the Sky" is a song by Macedonian Serbian singer Tijana. It was composed by Darko Dimitrov and Lazar Cvetkovski, while the lyrics were written by Dimitrov and Elena Risteska Ivanovska. It was internally selected to represent Macedonia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Denmark. The song was revealed on 22 February 2014, and was made available for digital download the next day through the iTunes Store. [sep] Knowledge2: To the Sky: The first single released is "I Made It (Cash Money Heroes)". The song features Lil Wayne, Birdman and Jay Sean. The song received chart success in Australia, Canada and the United States.[10][11] The second single is "You Make the Rain Fall". It also was the theme song for the third season of "NXT". It was released to Mainstream radio September 14, 2010, and features Flo Rida.[12]
Knowledge1: Say When is an American musical with music by Ray Henderson, lyrics by Ted Koehler, and a musical book by Jack McGowan. Directed by Bertram Harrison, the production opened on Broadway at the Imperial Theatre where it ran from November 8, 1934, through January 12, 1935 for a total of 76 performances. Attribution [sep] Knowledge2: Say When (song): "Say When" debuted at number 65 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of January 31, 1998.
Knowledge1:  "Alone" is a song composed by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly, who recorded it under the name i-Ten on their 1983 album Taking a Cold Look. It was later recorded by actress Valerie Stevenson and actor John Stamos on the original soundtrack of the CBS sitcom Dreams in 1984. American rock band Heart covered it on their 1987 album Bad Animals, and this version reached number one in the US and Canada. In 2007 Celine Dion recorded it for her album Taking Chances. In 2010 Alyssa Reid used the music and lyrics for the chorus of her song Alone Again. [sep] Knowledge2: Alone (1935 song): The lyrics were written by Arthur Freed, with music by Nacio Herb Brown. ; Alone (1935 song): The song was also performed by Judy Garland in the 1940 film Andy Hardy Meets Debutante.
Knowledge1: John Williams  John Towner Williams (born February 8, 1932) is an American composer, conductor and pianist. In a career that has spanned seven decades, he has composed some of the most popular, recognizable and critically acclaimed film scores in cinematic history. Williams has won 25 Grammy Awards, seven British Academy Film Awards, five Academy Awards and four Golden Globe Awards. With 52 Academy Award nominations, he is the second most-nominated individual, after Walt Disney. His compositions are considered the epitome of film music and he is considered among the greatest composers in the history of cinema.  Williams has composed for many critically acclaimed and popular movies, including the "Star Wars" saga, "Jaws", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Superman", "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", the first two "Home Alone" films, the "Indiana Jones" films, the first two "Jurassic Park" films, "Schindler's List", "Saving Private Ryan", "Catch Me If You Can", "Seven Years In Tibet", and the first three "Harry Potter" films. Williams has also composed numerous classical concertos and other works for orchestral ensembles and solo instruments. He served as the Boston Pops' principal conductor from 1980 to 1993 and is its laureate conductor. He has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974, composing music for all but five of his feature films, and George Lucas, with whom he has worked on both of his main franchises. Other works by Williams include theme music for the 1984 Summer Olympic Games, "NBC Sunday Night Football", "The Mission" theme used by NBC News and Seven News in Australia, the television series "Lost in Space" and "Land of the Giants", and the incidental music for the first season of "Gilligan's Island". Williams announced his intention to retire from film score composing after the release of "Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny" in 2023 to focus more on composing independent orchestral and symphonic pieces.  In 2005, the American Film Institute selected Williams's score to 1977's "Star Wars" as the greatest film score of all time. The Library of Congress also entered the "Star Wars" soundtrack into the National Recording Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". Williams was inducted into the Hollywood Bowl's Hall of Fame in 2000, and received a Kennedy Center Honor in 2004. His AFI Life Achievement Award in 2016 was the first to be awarded outside of the acting and directing fields. He has composed the score for nine of the top 25 highest-grossing films at the U.S. box office (adjusted for inflation). His work has influenced other composers of film, popular, and contemporary classical music;<ref name="thelegacyofjohnwilliams" /> Norwegian composer Marcus Paus argues that Williams's "satisfying way of embodying dissonance and avant-garde techniques within a larger tonal framework" makes him "one of the great composers of any century".<ref name="Green" /> [sep] Knowledge2: List of 20th-century classical composers: This is a list of composers of 20th-century classical music, sortable by name, year of birth, year of death, nationality, notable works, and remarks. It includes only composers of significant fame and importance. The style of the composer's music is given where possible, bearing in mind that some defy simple classification. Names are listed first by year of birth, then in alphabetical order within each year. The 20th century is defined by the calendar rather than by any unifying characteristics of musical style or attitude, and is therefore not an era of the same order as the classical or romantic. However, the century can be divided into modern and postmodern eras that overlap and can be defined more by differences in attitude than style.
Knowledge1:  "Signal" is a song written by Ma-saya, Joker, Joey Carbone, Lisa Huang and Akira for the second single and second studio album of the Japanese boy band, KAT-TUN. It was released on July 19, 2006 in Japan, and became the group's second consecutive number one single on the Oricon daily and weekly singles charts. [sep] Knowledge2: Signal (Twice song): It has a science fiction-fantasy theme featuring a green-headed alien and the nine members of Twice with their own superpowers: Nayeon's superpower is time reversing, Jeongyeon's is time freezing, Momo's is super speed, Sana's is invisibility, Jihyo's is x-ray vision, Mina's is hypnosis, Dahyun's is self-duplication, Chaeyoung's is telekinesis, and Tzuyu's is super strength.[18] The cameraman who made an appearance in "Cheer Up" music video is also seen. At the end, the members transform into aliens.[19][20][21] ; Signal (Twice song): "Signal" debuted at number 1 for two consecutive weeks and 4 on Gaon's Digital Chart and Billboard Japan Hot 100, respectively.[22][23] It charted at number 1, 3 and 22 on K-pop Hot 100, Billboard charts' World Digital Song Sales and (Philippine Hot 100) respectively.[24][25][26]
Knowledge1: "Miss You" is a 1929 song by the Tobias brothers: Charles Tobias, Harry Tobias and Henry Tobias. It was the three brothers' first published song, and their first hit, but one of the few songs where all three collaborated. The song was revived for the 1942 film Strictly in the Groove when it was sung by The Dinning Sisters and played by Ozzie Nelson and Orchestra. [sep] Knowledge2: Miss You (Aaliyah song): "Miss You" is a song recorded by American singer Aaliyah. Written by Johntá Austin, Ginuwine and Teddy Bishop in 1998, the song was initially recorded in 1999 for Aaliyah's eponymous third studio album (2001). However, it did not make the final cut for Aaliyah and remained unreleased until after Aaliyah's death in 2001. It was then included on the posthumous compilation album I Care 4 U (2002) and was released as its lead single on October 28, 2002, by Blackground Records and Universal Records. ; Miss You (Louis Tomlinson song): Credits adapted from Tidal.[13]
Knowledge1: "Living with You" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale. It was released as a digital single on 25 February 2013. It was the third single from Cale's new album Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood. Music and lyrics was written by Cale himself. As B-side of this single are "Living with You (Organic Mix)" and "Living with You (Laurel Halo remix)". The original studio version of the song "Living with You" featured alongside Cale (vocals, keyboards, percussion, electric viola, electric guitar) also Dustin Boyer (gut guitar) and Michael Jerome Moore (drums, cajón). Living with You  "Living with You" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale. It was released as a digital single on 25 February 2013. It was the third single from Cale's new album "Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood". Music and lyrics was written by Cale himself. As B-side of this single are "Living with You (Organic Mix)" and "Living with You (Laurel Halo remix)".  The original studio version of the song "Living with You" featured alongside Cale (vocals, keyboards, percussion, electric viola, electric guitar) also Dustin Boyer (gut guitar) and Michael Jerome Moore (drums, cajón). [sep] Knowledge2: Living with You: "Living with You" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale. It was on his album Shifty Adventures in Nookie Wood. ; Living with You: On 25 February 2013, it was released as digital single. On B-side was also the "Organic Mix" and new remix by Laurel Halo.[1][2]; Living with You: Original version of this song features together with Cale (vocals, keyboards, electric viola, electric guitar, percussion) also Dustin Boyer (acoustic guitar) and Michael Jerome Moore (drums, cajón).[3]; David Lang (composer): Lang wrote the libretto by typing short, personal phrases into a search engine and writing down the results. The opera includes these anonymous confessions, which are whispered by soprano Tony Arnold, while four instrumentalists from the International Contemporary Ensemble never play above a hush. No audience member can hear the entire opera and it cannot be recorded, so it can only be experienced live.[18] ; Nico Muhly: Incidental
Knowledge1: The lyrics for the film songs were written by Anand Bakshi, and the music was composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal. [sep] Knowledge2: Pocket Music: Rage Games showcased Pocket Music at E3 in May 2001,[5] and was previewed by major publications including IGN and Edge.[6][7] The game was originally intended for release in Q4 2001.[8] The game is not to be confused with Pocket Music, a working title for an unreleased rhythm game showcased by Nintendo at the Tokyo Game Show in March and April 2001.[9][10] The Game Boy Color version does not work when played on a Game Boy Advance, one of the few games to do so, along with Chee-Chai Alien.[11][better source needed]
Knowledge1: Images is a cycle of piano pieces composed by Howard Skempton in 1989. This work and a variations set, The Durham Strike, are the only large-scale piano works by Skempton, although he has been composing piano music since the beginning of his career. The work was commissioned by Channel 4's HTV West for "Images", a six-part television series of documentaries dealing with various aspects of photography. The series was created to mark the 150th anniversary of the invention of photography. The producer, Barrie Gavin, wanted the music to be similar in concept to Erik Satie's Gymnopedies: in the words of the composer,   pieces were to be "like a sculpture viewed from different angles in a changing light." The pianist who performed Images for the TV series was Michael Finnissy. Images comprises eight preludes, two "songs" (The Cockfight: a traditional song and Song 2), a set of variations, eight interludes and a postlude (Postlude: The Keel Row). In concert, the order of the pieces is not fixed and is left for the performer to determine. The eight preludes contain the pieces that directly correspond to Gavin's request. Preludes 1&ndash;3, all written on three staves and in 3/8 time, share identical rhythmic and melodic structure of [sep] Knowledge2: Images (composition): Images (usually pronounced in French as [i.maʒ]) is a suite of six compositions for solo piano by Claude Debussy. They were published in two books/series, each consisting of three pieces. These works are distinct from Debussy's Images pour orchestre. The first book was composed between 1901 and 1905, and the second book was composed in 1907.[1] The total duration is approximately 30 minutes. With respect to the first series of Images, Debussy wrote to his publisher, Jacques Durand: "Without false pride, I feel that these three pieces hold together well, and that they will find their place in the literature of the piano ... to the left of Schumann, or to the right of Chopin... "[2] ; Images (composition): Debussy wrote another collection, Images oubliées (L. 87), in the Winter of 1894 and dedicated it to Yvonne Lerolle, daughter of the painter Henry Lerolle. ; Images (composition): No. 2 is the first version of "Sarabande" from Pour le piano (L. 95, 1901); no. 3 is an early version of "Jardins sous la pluie" from Estampes (L. 100, 1903). ; Images (composition): "Hommage à Rameau" is more subdued. It is a sarabande honouring the memory of Jean-Philippe Rameau.[2] ; Images (composition): "Mouvement" is the most abstract designation of the pieces. It is a perpetuum mobile, meaning that it is built around a continuous stream of notes.[5]
Knowledge1:  Source: [sep] Knowledge2: The Hope (Magle): The Hope (Danish: Håbet) is a work for brass band, percussion, choir, and organ written in 2001 by Frederik Magle, depicting the Battle of Copenhagen in 1801. It consists of two movements with the first being purely instrumental. The choir enters in the second movement using text from Psalm 27. ; The Hope (Magle): There is also a version for 4 (or more) cornets, 1 flugelhorn, 3 tenor horns, 2 baritones, 2 trombones, 1 bass trombone, 1 euphonium, 2 tubas, 5 percussionists, timpani, choir, and organ.
Knowledge1: An original film score CD was released in 1987 produced by Arnold Leibovit, the original soundtrack recording was composed and conducted by Russell Garcia himself. Released by GNP Crescendo. The track listing is as follows:  A full score was written by Klaus Badelt, with the recognizable theme being the track "I Don't Belong Here", which was later used in the 2008 Discovery Channel Mini series When We Left Earth. In 2002, the film's soundtrack won the World Soundtrack Award for Discovery of the Year. [sep] Knowledge2: Time Machine (EP): Time Machine was officially released on June 4, 2021, along with the music video for her previous single, "My Slime". However, her previous singles "Single AF", "Sing About Love" and "Gold Fronts", were not included in the project.[17] ; Time Machine (group): Attending college in Washington D.C., Comel and Jaysonic met each other through mutual friends. Active prior to Time Machine, Jaysonic turned Comel on to his body of work, some of which was recorded and produced with DJ Mekalek in Providence R.I.. Standing out was song produced called Sneakers which won the Stretch and Bobbito Battle of the Demos. While sitting in on a bedroom recording session of Jaysonic's Hot Air album, Comel randomly said a verse that would later be recorded for the project. That night would be the group's first song called Block Troopin.
Knowledge1:  Beth Porch (born 13 November 1994 in Dawlish, Devon, England) is an English pop singer, who rose to fame after appearing on the fourteenth series of Britain's Got Talent. She performed an original song for her audition, "You Taught Me What Love Is", which was subsequently released as a single to raise money for the NHS during the COVID-19 pandemic. Porch is also a children's nurse at Great Ormond Street Hospital. Her performance of "You Taught Me What Love Is" on Britain's Got Talent was filmed in January but aired during the COVID-19 pandemic, and Porch revealed that she had contracted the disease herself. Her paternal grandfather was doctor and antarctic explorer Antony G Davies, the namesake of Davies Top. [sep] Knowledge2: Harry Partch: The age of specialization has given us an art of sound that denies sound, and a science of sound that denies art. The age of specialization has given us a music drama that denies drama, and a drama that—contrary to the practices of all other peoples of the world—denies music.
Knowledge1:  "Shine" received mixed reviews from music critics. E! News Bruna Nessif gave the single a positive review, stating: "When it comes to feel-good music, leave it up to Gwen Stefani and Pharrell to get the job done". A reviewer from Vibe praised it as "the perfect theme song". Abe Dewing, a member of the Cambridge Symphony Orchestra, described it as a "sharp, hip tune" in the Boston Herald. He compared its opening trumpet riff to music by British composer Herbert Chappell, who created the theme for the 1975 television series Paddington. Chappell also composed music for the 1986 concerto "Paddington Bear's First Concert". Dewing praised Stefani and Willams' ability "to compose new music for existing source material intended for children". A reviewer from the website antiMusic described the recording as "even more feel good" than the pair's collaboration on "Spark the Fire". Daniel Sannwald gave it three   Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical psychological drama film based on the life of David Helfgott, a pianist who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions. The film stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood, and Alex Rafalowicz. The film was directed by Scott Hicks. The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi. Shine had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. In 1997, Geoffrey Rush was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 69th Academy Awards for his performance in the lead role.  Nick Urata composed the film's soundtrack. Gwen Stefani and Pharrell Williams were commissioned to write a song for the film's American release, which turned into "Shine". Shine (1910 song)  Shine (originally titled That's Why They Call Me Shine) is a popular song with lyrics by Cecil Mack and Tin Pan Alley songwriter Lew Brown and music by Ford Dabney. It was published in 1910 by the Gotham-Attucks Music Publishing Company and used by Aida Overton Walker in "His Honor the Barber", an African-American road show. According to Perry Bradford, himself a songster and publisher, the song was written about an actual man named Shine who was with George Walker when they were badly beaten during the New York City race riot of 1900.  It was later recorded by jazz and jazz influenced artists such as The California Ramblers (their version was very popular in 1924), Louis Armstrong (recorded March 9, 1931 for Okeh Records, catalog No. 41486), Ella Fitzgerald (recorded November 19, 1936 for Decca Records - catalog. No. 1062), Benny Goodman, Harry James, and Frankie Laine (1947 and 1957 - the 1947 version reached No. 9 in the Billboard charts), usually without the explanatory introduction.  Bing Crosby & The Mills Brothers recorded the song on February 29, 1932 with Studio orchestra conducted by Victor Young. It was issued on Brunswick Records 11376-A, a 78 rpm record and it is assessed by Joel Whitburn as reaching the No. 7 position in the charts of the day.  As a member of "The Hoboken Four", Frank Sinatra sang this song in 1935 on Major Bowes Amateur Hour.  Albert Nicholas, clarinet, with "The Big Chief Jazz Band" recorded it in Oslo on August 29, 1955. Released on the 78 rpm record Philips P 53037 H.  Joe Brown and The Bruvvers recorded the song in 1961 and reached the British charts with a peak position of No. 33.  Anne Murray included this song on her 1976 Capitol Records album, "Keeping in Touch".  Ry Cooder recorded the song complete with introduction in 1978 (see below).  Spanish vocal quartet Los Rosillo, recorded a Spanish version, with the original spoken intro, in their debut album in 1988. Shine (film)  Shine is a 1996 Australian biographical psychological drama film based on the life of David Helfgott, a pianist who suffered a mental breakdown and spent years in institutions.  The film stars Geoffrey Rush, Lynn Redgrave, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Noah Taylor, John Gielgud, Googie Withers, Justin Braine, Sonia Todd, Nicholas Bell, Chris Haywood, and Alex Rafalowicz. The film was directed by Scott Hicks. The screenplay was written by Jan Sardi.  "Shine" had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. In 1996, Geoffrey Rush was awarded the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 69th Academy Awards for his performance in the lead role. [sep] Knowledge2: Shine (Collective Soul song): "Shine" features guitar with a slight distortion and mellow atmosphere throughout the verses. Its chorus pounds with staccato riffs before brightening up with the lyrics "Heaven let your light shine down." Later, the song's bridge modulates into double-time behind a hard rock guitar solo played by Ross Childress before returning to its previous state of calmness. ; Shine (Collective Soul song): The song's video, was written and directed by William Levin, which achieved popularity on MTV, features various footage, largely black-and-white. Youths are seen carrying seemingly random items across a rural area and railroad tracks before arriving at an old shed and watching the band perform. "Shine" was included on the era-themed compilation Essential Music Videos: '90s Rock. ; Shine (Collective Soul song): Phish poked fun at the song with their short version of "Shine" in the middle of "Fly Famous Mockingbird" at Madison Square Garden on New Year's Eve 1995 with the band's lyricist  Tom Marshall on vocals.[27] This version can be found on the live album Phish: New Year's Eve 1995 – Live at Madison Square Garden. ; Shine (Collective Soul song): The Smashing Pumpkins played parts of "Shine" during their 2010 tour.[29] Billy Corgan has expressed his hatred of the song and noted its similarities to the Smashing Pumpkins' song "Drown".[29] Corgan lost a lawsuit in the mid-1990s to Ed Roland after Roland was able to produce a demo tape featuring "Shine" that preceded the Smashing Pumpkins' release.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Antonio Smareglia: Nozze istriane – Ian Storey (tenor), Katia Lytting (mezzo-soprano), Svetla Vassileva (soprano), Enzo Capuano (baritone), Giorgio Surjan (bass), Alberto Mastromarino (baritone); Teatro Verdi di Trieste Orchestra and Chorus; Tiziano Severini (conductor). Live performance recording from the Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi, December 1999. Label: Bongiovanni BGV 2265 king [sep] Knowledge2: Nozze istriane: Nozze istriane (An Istrian wedding) is an opera in three acts by Antonio Smareglia to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica. It premiered on 28 March 1895 at the Teatro Comunale in Trieste.[1] ; Nozze istriane: Marussa and Lorenzo, two young villagers, are in love. However, a more wealthy suitor, Nicola, has said that he would waive a dowry. Marussa's miserly father, Menico, is  convinced by the village fiddler, Biagio, to marry her off to Nicola. Marussa is tricked into believing that Lorenzo has been unfaithful, and her wedding to Nicola is quickly arranged. In her room, shortly before the wedding, Marussa begs Nicola to release her from their engagement. Nicola refuses, and Lorenzo (who had been hiding behind the curtains), leaps out and attacks Nicola with a knife. During the fight, Nicola stabs Lorenzo, who dies in Marussa's arms.[3] ; Antonio Smareglia: Smareglia died in Grado in 1929. ; Nozze istriane: Nozze istriane è un'opera di Antonio Smareglia su libretto di Luigi Illica, rappresentata per la prima volta a Trieste il 28 marzo 1895 diretta da Gianni Pomè. Al debutto poté contare su due interpreti d'eccezione: il soprano Gemma Bellincioni, già prima Santuzza nella Cavalleria rusticana di Pietro Mascagni, e suo marito Roberto Stagno, celebre tenore palermitano, anch'egli apprezzatissimo nella parte di Turiddu nella première romana di Cavalleria. ; Nozze istriane: Le molte analogie del soggetto di Nozze istriane con Cavalleria rusticana, unitamente all'utilizzo degli stessi interpreti, indussero alcuni critici a ritenere che Smareglia avesse aderito alla poetica di stampo verista, allora imperante, di alcuni autori della Giovane scuola italiana (Mascagni e Leoncavallo in particolare). In effetti la vicenda, ambientata a Dignano, nei pressi di Pola, si ispira a un torbido dramma d'amore e gelosia culminante nella morte di uno dei protagonisti, tema ricorrente all'epoca e di tipico gusto verista. Smareglia riesce tuttavia a conferire al suo capolavoro un senso della misura, un'eleganza di toni e di timbri musicali, pur nella vivace descrizione della realtà istriana, ben lontani dalla cieca e brutale passionalità di una Cavalleria rusticana o dei Pagliacci.
Knowledge1: Overture in G major (Cherubini)  The Overture in G major by Luigi Cherubini (1760-1842) is an orchestral work written for concert use in early 1815. It is unusual among Cherubini's overtures in that his other, better known overtures (such as those to "Anacreon", "Médée", "Les deux journées" and "Ali Baba"), were intended to introduce stage works. Although born in Italy Cherubini had been living in France since 1784, and had earned world fame through a series of operas composed for the Paris stage. In the first decade of the nineteenth century the vogue for his dramatic works began to wane, and he turned increasingly to sacred music. [sep] Knowledge2: Overture: The idea of an instrumental opening to opera existed during the 17th century. Peri's Euridice opens with a brief instrumental ritornello, and Monteverdi's L'Orfeo (1607) opens with a toccata, in this case a fanfare for muted trumpets. More important, however, was the prologue, which comprised sung dialogue between allegorical characters which introduced the overarching themes of the stories depicted.[3] ; William Tell Overture: Amongst the films which feature the overture prominently is Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange, where an electronic rearrangement by Wendy Carlos of the finale is played during a fast motion orgy scene. The less frequently heard introductory portion of the overture is used as somber mood music later in the film.[20]
Knowledge1: "Everything Stops for Tea", by Al Hoffman, Al Goodhart and Maurice Sigler; Sung by Jack Buchanan ; "From One Minute to Another", by Al Hoffman, Al Goodhart and Maurice Sigler The film includes the following songs:  A version of "Everything Stops for Tea" was later recorded by blues singer John Baldry on his 1972 album Everything Stops for Tea, produced by Elton John and Rod Stewart. The song was later rewritten (except for the chorus) by chap hop artist Professor Elemental in his 2012 album, Father of Invention. [sep] Knowledge2: Tea for One: 'Tea for One' is the last track on English rock band Led Zeppelin's 1976 album Presence. ; Tea for One: It begins with mid-tempo interplay between guitarist Jimmy Page and drummer John Bonham before settling into a sotto voce groove.  The song evolves into a slow blues epic, featuring lyrics which deal with homesickness and loneliness. Much of this was felt by Robert Plant, who recalls sitting alone in a New York hotel during a U.S. concert tour drinking 'tea for one'. Other members of the band, notably John Bonham, were also widely reported to suffer from homesickness during Led Zeppelin's concert tours. ; Tea for One: The song recalls an earlier Led Zeppelin song in sound and style, 'Since I've Been Loving You'.[1] 'Tea for One' came from the desire of the band to return to their roots in order to see what had changed since they were younger.  ; Tea for One: In an interview given in 1977, Page said that the song:  ; Tea for One: 'Tea for One' was never played live in its entirety at Led Zeppelin concerts,[4] but from 1977 some of the guitar solo was incorporated into 'Since I've Been Loving You' at various shows. It was played in full by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant during their tour of Japan in 1996, where it received three airings backed by an orchestra.
Knowledge1:  Chasing is a 2021 Indian Tamil language action crime film written and directed by Veerakumar on his directorial debut. The film features Varalaxmi Sarathkumar in the lead role. The film had a theatrical release on 16 April 2021. It was released to negative reviews.  "Chasing" is a song written by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes and is the first single release from her fifth studio album Bones+Longing. [sep] Knowledge2: Chasing (song): "Chasing" is a song written by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes and is the first single release from her fifth studio album Bones+Longing. ; Chasing (song): The song was revealed as the first single release in September 2014.[1] It was released to fans for free who supported her Pledge Music campaign on 9 October 2014[2] and became available in the iTunes Store in Ireland, UK, US & Canada as part of the albums pre-orders.[3] On 9 October 2014 the full version of the single appeared on Beat's website.[4] On 14 November 2014 a remixed version of the song was revealed through Clash Magazine.
Knowledge1:  String Quartet No. 3 is a 1947 composition by Polish composer Grażyna Bacewicz. The composition won the Polish Ministry of Culture Award in 1955. [sep] Knowledge2: String Quartet No. 3 (Shostakovich): The first movement is constructed using sonata allegro form. The first theme appears in the first violin and is often heard interacting with the cello. The second theme is stated in the first violin and then imitated and transformed by the other three instruments. The development is rather long and pulls its material mainly from the first theme. Finally the coda arrives with an acceleration and crescendo, borrowing, once again, the main theme as its material.
Knowledge1:  That's Right – You're Wrong is a 1939 American musical film directed by David Butler and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film stars Kay Kyser and his band, with a cast that included Adolphe Menjou, Lucille Ball, Edward Everett Horton, Roscoe Karns, and Ginny Simms (as herself). It was the first film to feature Kyser and his band, and its success led to their headlining several more pictures over the next five years. The title was a Kyser catchphrase, used on his radio show when a contestant correctly gave a wrong answer to a "right or wrong" question. [sep] Knowledge2: That's Right (You're Not from Texas): That's Right is a lighthearted song that lightly mocks the popularity of cowboy fashions in urban settings, and reflects the general sense of Texan pride that newcomers and outsiders often misunderstand. ; That's Right (You're Not from Texas): Now David's on the radio And old Champ's still on the guitar And Uncle Walt he's home with Heidi Hiding in her loving arms ; That's All Right: Arthur Crudup was credited as the composer on the label of Presley's single, but despite legal battles into the 1970s, reportedly never received royalties. An out-of-court settlement was supposed to pay Crudup an estimated $60,000 in back royalties, but never materialized.[15][16] Crudup had used lines in his song that had been present in earlier blues recordings, including Blind Lemon Jefferson's 1926 song "That Black Snake Moan".[16] A 2004 article in The Guardian argues that rather than Presley's version being one of the first records of rock and roll, it was simply one of "the first white artists' interpretations of a sound already well-established by black musicians almost a decade before [...] a raucous, driving, unnamed variant of rhythm and blues".[17] A country music version by Marty Robbins peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1955.[18] ; Stephen Sondheim: Lansbury's performance was captured alongside George Hearn in the Los Angeles production, which was filmed and shown on PBS as part of Masterpiece Theatre. It later earned five Primetime Emmy Award nominations. It has been revived on Broadway in 1989, 2005, and 2023. The 2023 production starred Josh Groban and Annaleigh Ashford. A film adaptation was made in 2007 directed by Tim Burton and starring Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, and Alan Rickman. ; Stephen Sondheim: On February 1, 2011, Sondheim joined former Salt Lake Tribune theater critic Nancy Melich before an audience of 1,200 at Kingsbury Hall. Melich described the evening:
Knowledge1: Symphony No. 1 (Mozart)  The Symphony No. 1 in E major, K. 16, is a symphony written in 1764 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart at the age of eight years. By this time, he was already notable in Europe as a "wunderkind" performer, but had composed little music.  The autograph score (handwritten original) of the symphony is today preserved in the Biblioteka Jagiellońska in Kraków.<ref name="B" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Symphony No. 33 (Haydn): The symphony is unusual for its independent viola writing in the opening movement and its sparse harmonies in the second. This latter feature may have been to allow Haydn, who typically conducted his works from the keyboard, to improvise freely.[6]
Knowledge1: Symphony No. 8 (Mozart)  The Symphony No. 8 in D major, (K. 48), by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is dated December 13, 1768. It was written in Vienna, at a time when the family were already due to have returned home to Salzburg. In a letter to his friend in Salzburg, Lorenz Hagenauer, Leopold Mozart says of the delay that ""we could not bring our affairs to a conclusion earlier, even though I endeavored strenuously to do so."" [sep] Knowledge2: Symphony No. 8 (Mahler): After their first declamatory statement the two choirs engage in a sung dialogue, which ends with a short transition to an extended lyrical passage, the plea "Imple superna gratia" ("Fill with divine grace"). ; Symphony No. 8 (Mahler): A solemn baritone solo, the voice of Pater Ecstaticus, ends warmly as the key changes to the major when the trumpets sound the "Accende" theme from Part I. This is followed by a demanding and dramatic aria for bass, the voice of Pater Profundus, who ends his tortured meditation by asking for God's mercy on his thoughts and for enlightenment. The repeated chords in this section are reminiscent of Richard Wagner's Parsifal.[59] The mood lightens with the entry of the angels and blessed boys (women's and children's choruses) bearing the soul of Faust; the music here is perhaps a relic of the "Christmas Games" scherzo envisioned in the abortive four-movement draft plan.[31] ; Symphony No. 8 (Mahler): The atmosphere is festive, with triumphant shouts of "Jauchzet auf!" ("Rejoice!") before the exposition ends in a postlude which refers to the "Infirma nostri corporis" music from Part I.[59] ; Symphony No. 8 (Mahler): The first phase of development begins as a women's chorus of the younger angels invoke a "happy company of blessed children"[n 6] who must bear Faust's soul heavenwards. The blessed boys receive the soul gladly; their voices are joined by Doctor Marianus (tenor), who accompanies their chorus before breaking into a rapturous E major paean to the Mater Gloriosa, "Queen and ruler of the world!". As the aria ends, the male voices in the chorus echo the soloist's words to an orchestral background of viola tremolos, in a passage described by La Grange as "emotionally irresistible".[59] ; Symphony No. 8 (Schubert): Unusually for sonata form, the development section begins with a quiet restatement of the opening melody in the subdominant (E minor), a tonality usually reserved for near the end of a sonata form movement somewhere in the recapitulation or coda, and rises to a prolonged climax in the same key, starting with a dramatic variant of the opening melody in the full orchestra with prominent trombones. The expected relative major (D) of the tonic minor first appears only at the end of that climax, and then again for the second subject of the recap (in place of the expected tonic B major)—instead of much earlier, in the second subject of the exposition, as customary. The flutes and oboes then resume their melodic role at the end of that dramatic outburst, transitioning to the recapitulation.
Knowledge1: Arranged by Desmond Child and Jeffrey "C.J." Vanston ; Produced by Desmond Child and Sir Arthur Payson ; Recorded and engineered by Sir Arthur Payson ; Mixed by Brian Malouf; mix assistant: Pat MacDougall ; Mastered by Bob Ludwig [sep] Knowledge2: Discipline (King Crimson album): All music written by Robert Fripp, Adrian Belew, Tony Levin and Bill Bruford. Lyrics by Adrian Belew. ; Music theory: Notes can be arranged in a variety of scales and modes. Western music theory generally divides the octave into a series of twelve pitches, called a chromatic scale, within which the interval between adjacent tones is called a semitone, or half step. Selecting tones from this set of 12 and arranging them in patterns of semitones and whole tones creates other scales.[29] ; Music theory: In standard Western music notation, tones are represented graphically by symbols (notes) placed on a staff or staves, the vertical axis corresponding to pitch and the horizontal axis corresponding to time. Note head shapes, stems, flags, ties and dots are used to indicate duration. Additional symbols indicate keys, dynamics, accents, rests, etc. Verbal instructions from the conductor are often used to indicate tempo, technique, and other aspects.
Knowledge1:  song was dropped when Elmira was removed from the story. Another deleted song was for Thomas O'Malley titled "My Way's The Highway", but the filmmakers had Terry Gilkyson compose the eponymous song "Thomas O'Malley Cat". Gilkyson explained "It was the same song, but they orchestrated it twice. They used the simpler one, because they may have thought the other too elaborate or too hot. It was a jazz version with a full orchestra." The instrumental music was composed by George Bruns, who drew from his background with jazz bands in the 1940s and decided to feature the accordion-like musette for French flavor. On Classic Disney: 60 [sep] Knowledge2:  Cue Ball Cat :   Cue Ball Cat       Directed by William HannaJoseph Barbera   Produced by Fred Quimby   Story by William HannaJoseph Barbera   Music by Scott Bradley   Animation by Irven SpenceEd BargeKenneth MuseRay Patterson   Distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer   Release date 25 November 1950,  30 November 1956 (reissued)   Color process Technicolor   Running time 7:02   Preceded by The Framed Cat   Followed by Casanova Cat   ;  Cue Ball Cat : Cue Ball Cat is a 1950 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 54th Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby. ;  Cue Ball Cat : Tom plays billiards in a deserted pool table hall, when he sets up 3 balls and cheats to get them in the pockets (The 1 ball stops short of the corner pocket so he lifts the table to get it in, and he shoots a 11-ball which continues to bounce in the same areas until Tom moves a pocket). He then wakes Jerry up by shooting the 10-ball into the pocket where he is sleeping. Jerry wakes up just in time to avoid the 10-ball and is carried down to the ball return, where the 10-ball and the 13-ball with 7-ball smash the mouse. Jerry walks up through the pocket, first sees nothing, but after a few steps back to the pocket, he spots Tom perched behind it. ;  Cue Ball Cat : Jerry being chalked;  Cue Ball Cat : Jerry tries to jump into another corner pocket, but Tom aims a cue ball with so much force that it rolls into the pocket, spins back out of it and rolls Jerry backwards to Tom, who has made a ramp with his cue stick for the mouse to slide up. Jerry stops at the top of the stick and is then blown down by Tom, who then shoots a stream of 6 balls to run over the mouse. The whole train rebounds back towards the cat and the balls stack up at Tom's end of the table. Tom shoots all the balls in succession with his cue, and then tries to shoot Jerry, but the mouse hangs onto the cue tip. The cat, as if he was saying "Have it your way.", chalks up and shoots the 8-ball using the mouse.
Knowledge1: "One More Time"   "One More Time" was composed by Na.Zu.Na, Yu-ki Kokubo and Yhanael, with lyrics written by Natsumi Watanabe and Yhanael. Yhanael previously wrote the lyrics for Twice's "Like Ooh-Ahh (Japanese ver.)". The song enlists some 90's electronica vibes that deviate from the EDM with a combination of the blaring synths and loud bass.  Slightly before the release of the film, per the era's customary timing, a novelization of the screenplay was released by Popular Library. The author was Michael Avallone. One More Time (Laura Pausini song)  "One More Time" is a song by Richard Marx which he wrote for Laura Pausini. Later Marx recorded the song for his sixth studio album, "Days in Avalon". Pausini's version was originally released in 1999 for the movie "Message in a Bottle".  The song is available on both Pausini's greatest hits compilations, """" and ""20 - The Greatest Hits"".  The song was performed live during Pausini's third world tour. Live versions were included on Pausini's first DVD. There is a little-known video clip of an acoustic performance of the song included on Pausini's now-discontinued Video Collection. [sep] Knowledge2: One More Time (Daft Punk song): Daft Punk considered "One More Time" to be the link connecting their previous studio album Homework to Discovery.[2] The song was completed as early as the beginning of 1998, where it remained "sitting on a shelf" until its eventual release on 13 November 2000.[3][4] It prominently features a vocal performance written and sung by Romanthony.[5] As stated by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo, "we thought the funkiness of his voice fit the funkiness of the music."[6] ; One More Time (Daft Punk song): "One More Time" was listed at number five on Pitchfork's top 500 songs of the 2000s, with the magazine writing that it "distill[s] 25 years of pop and house into five and a half minutes of first-time joy."[21] Rolling Stone listed it at number 33 of their top 100 songs of the decade (2000–2009)[22] as well as number 307 on its amended "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time" list in May 2010. It was voted by Mixmag readers as the greatest dance record of all time.[23] Also, "One More Time" was ranked at number 11 on The Village Voice's Pazz & Jop annual year-end critics' poll.[24] In 2021, Billboard ranked the song number one on its list of the 20 greatest Daft Punk songs.[25] ; One More Time (Blink-182 song): In an interview, DeLonge expanded on the song's concept and themes:
Knowledge1:  "Big Foot" is an episode of the British comedy television series The Goodies. The episode is also known as "Bigfoot", "In Search of Bigfoot", "Arthur C. Clarke" and "In Search of Arthur C. Clarke". This episode was made by LWT for ITV, and was written by The Goodies, with songs and music by Bill Oddie. [sep] Knowledge2: Bigfoot: Academic experts from related fields have typically judged the film as providing no supportive data of any scientific value,[9] with perhaps the most common proposed explanation being that it was a hoax.[194] ; Patterson–Gimlin film: Patterson estimated he was about 25 feet (7.6 m) away from the creature at his closest. Patterson said that his horse reared upon sensing the figure, and he spent about 20 seconds extricating himself from the saddle, controlling his horse, getting around to its other side,[48] and getting his camera from a saddlebag before he could run toward the figure while operating his camera. He yelled "Cover me" to Gimlin, "meaning to get the gun out".[49] Gimlin crossed the creek on horseback after Patterson had run well beyond it, riding on a path somewhat to the left of Patterson's and somewhat beyond his position. Patterson estimates he came within 60–90 feet (18–27 m) of "Patty".[49] Then, rifle in hand, he dismounted, but did not point his rifle at the creature.[50] ; Patterson–Gimlin film: The figure had walked away from them to a distance of about 120 feet (37 m) before Patterson began to run after it. The resulting film (about 59.5 seconds long at 16 fps) is initially quite shaky until Patterson got about 80 feet (24 m) from the figure. At that point, the figure glanced over its right shoulder at the men and Patterson fell to his knees; on Krantz's map this corresponds to frame 264.[51] To researcher John Green, Patterson would later characterize the creature's expression as one of "contempt and disgust ... you know how it is when the umpire tells you 'one more word and you're out of the game.' That's the way it felt." ; Patterson–Gimlin film: Shortly after this point the steady, middle portion of the film begins, containing the famous look-back frame 352. Patterson said, "it turned a total of I think three times,"[52] the other times therefore being before the filming began and/or while he was running with his finger off the trigger. Shortly after glancing over its shoulder on film, the creature disappeared behind a grove of trees for 14 seconds, then reappeared in the film's final 15 seconds after Patterson moved 10 feet (3 m) to a better vantage point, fading into the trees again and being lost to view at a distance of 265 feet (81 m) as the reel of film ran out.[53] ; Patterson–Gimlin film: Gimlin remounted and followed it on horseback, keeping his distance, until it disappeared around a bend in the road three hundred yards (270 m) away. Patterson called him back at that point, feeling vulnerable on foot without a rifle, because he feared the creature's mate might approach. The entire encounter had lasted less than two minutes.
Knowledge1: Something (Beatles song)  "Something" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1969 album "Abbey Road". It was written by George Harrison, the band's lead guitarist. Together with his second contribution to "Abbey Road", "Here Comes the Sun", it is widely viewed by music historians as having marked Harrison's ascendancy as a composer to the level of the Beatles' principal songwriters, John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Two weeks after the album's release, the song was issued on a double A-side single, coupled with "Come Together", making it the first Harrison composition to become a Beatles A-side. The pairing was also the first time in the United Kingdom that the Beatles issued a single containing tracks already available on an album. While the single's commercial performance was lessened by this, it topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States as well as charts in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and West Germany, and peaked at number 4 in the UK.  The track is generally considered a love song to Pattie Boyd, Harrison's first wife, although Harrison offered alternative sources of inspiration in later interviews. Owing to the difficulty he faced in getting more than two of his compositions onto each Beatles album, Harrison first offered the song to Joe Cocker. As recorded by the Beatles, the track features a guitar solo that several music critics identify among Harrison's finest playing. The song also drew praise from the other Beatles and their producer, George Martin, with Lennon stating that it was the best song on "Abbey Road". The promotional film for the single combined footage of each of the Beatles with his respective wife, reflecting the estrangement in the band during the months preceding their break-up in April 1970. Harrison subsequently performed the song at his Concert for Bangladesh shows in 1971 and throughout the two tours he made as a solo artist.  "Something" received the Ivor Novello Award for the "Best Song Musically and Lyrically" of 1969. By the late 1970s, it had been covered by over 150 artists, making it the second-most covered Beatles composition after "Yesterday". Shirley Bassey had a top-five UK hit with her 1970 recording, and Frank Sinatra regularly performed the song. Other artists who have covered it include Elvis Presley, Ray Charles, Booker T. & the M.G.'s, James Brown, Smokey Robinson and Johnny Rodriguez. In 1999, Broadcast Music Incorporated named "Something" as the 17th-most performed song of the twentieth century, with 5 million performances. In 2000, "Mojo" ranked "Something" at number 14 in the magazine's list of "The 100 Greatest Songs of All Time"; it was ranked 110th on "Rolling Stone"s 2021 list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". In 2002, a year after Harrison's death, McCartney and Eric Clapton performed it at the Concert for George tribute at London's Royal Albert Hall. [sep] Knowledge2: Stephen Sondheim: Mackintosh revived the tribute for a limited run at the Gielgud Theatre beginning previews on September 16, 2023, with a planned closing on January 6, 2024.[233] The production stars Bernadette Peters, marking her West End debut, and Lea Salonga, returning to the West End for the first time since 1996.
Knowledge1: Prelude for Clarinet (Penderecki)  The Prelude for Clarinet in B-flat major, sometimes also referred to as Prelude for Solo Clarinet, is a work by Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki. It was composed in 1987 and is one of the pieces from the series of compositions for solo instruments that Penderecki composed during the 1980s, such as "Cadenza for Solo Viola" (1984) and "Per Slava" (1986). [sep] Knowledge2: Gerald Finzi: Finzi was, at one time, a vegetarian but gave it up and favoured eggs, fish and sometimes bacon or chicken.[3] ; Gerald Finzi: Finzi had a long-standing friendship with the composer Howard Ferguson who, as well as offering advice on his works during his life, helped with the editing of several of Finzi's posthumous works.
Knowledge1: Evan Parker - soprano saxophone ; Peter Evans - trumpet, piccolo trumpet ; Ko Ishikawa - shō ; Ned Rothenberg - clarinet, bass clarinet, shakuhachi ; Philipp Wachsmann - violin, live electronics ; Agustí Fernandez - piano, prepared piano ; Barry Guy - double bass ; Paul Lytton - percussion, live electronics ; Lawrence Casserley - signal processing instrument ; Joel Ryan - sample and signal processing ; Walter Prati - computer processing ; Richard Barrett - live electronics ; Paul Obermayer - live electronics ; Marco Vecchi - sound projection [sep] Knowledge2: The Moment's Energy: The Guardian's John Fordam observed "Different combinations of players come to the fore in each piece, which imparts variety to these abstract soundscapes."[4] ; The Moment's Energy: The Penguin Jazz Guide called it "a composed piece for improvising ensemble that delivered a work of unparalleled sophistication and presence" noting "the sound-world of the piece is determined to a broad extent by the individual performers, but it is Parker's imagination - capricious responsive but in no way totalizing - that makes the piece so successful ... Though some may cite the ensemble's transatlantic collaboration with Roscoe Mitchell as a greater achievement, this remarkable collaborative work is its masterpiece."[6] ; The Moment's Energy: Writing for DownBeat, John Ephland stated: "The earnest, sincere and able execution of this material by seasoned and well-trained artists suggest 'a new chamber orchestra'... There is cohesion and a kind of forward movement here. And their edginess spills over into a kind of frolicking playfulness light years from the energy of so-called free-jazz."[5] ; The Moment's Energy: All compositions by Evan Parker ; Philipp Wachsmann: With Paul Lytton
Knowledge1: Pole was composed in Bali in February 1970, at that time under the working title of Duo. Between 14 March and 14 September 1970, Pole was played and sung over a thousand times at Expo '70 in Osaka, Japan, in daily performances by twenty different musicians including the composer. The score is dedicated to Harald Bojé and Péter Eötvös, who played in the majority of the early performances, and who also made a number of radio recordings and two commercially released recordings of the piece.  Pole (Poles), for two performers with shortwave radio receivers and a sound projectionist, is a composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, written in 1970. It is Number 30 in the catalogue of the composer's works. Pole (Stockhausen)  Pole (Poles), for two performers with shortwave radio receivers and a sound projectionist, is a composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, written in 1970. It is Number 30 in the catalogue of the composer's works. [sep] Knowledge2: Pole (Stockhausen): Pole (Poles), for two performers with shortwave radio receivers and a sound projectionist, is a composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, written in 1970. It is Number 30 in the catalogue of the composer's works. ; Pole (Stockhausen): Pole is the last in a series of works dating from the late 1960s which Stockhausen designated as "process" compositions. These works in effect separate the "form" from the "content" by presenting the performers with a series of transformation signs which are to be applied to material that may vary considerably from one performance to the next. In Pole and three companion works (Kurzwellen for six performers, Spiral for a soloist, and Expo for three), this material is to be drawn spontaneously during the performance from shortwave radio broadcasts.[1] The processes, indicated primarily by plus, minus, and equal signs, constitute the composition and, despite the unpredictability of the materials, these processes can be heard from one performance to another as being "the same".[2] ; Pole (Stockhausen): Pole was composed in Bali in February 1970, at that time under the working title of Duo.[3] Between 14 March and 14 September 1970, Pole was played and sung over a thousand times at Expo '70 in Osaka, Japan, in daily performances by twenty different musicians including the composer.[4] The score is dedicated to Harald Bojé [de] and Péter Eötvös, who played in the majority of the early performances, and who also made a number of radio recordings and two commercially released recordings of the piece.[3] ; Pole (Stockhausen): Pole consists of a sequence of approximately 200 events, grouped into seven sections divided in the score by wavy barlines. Stockhausen explained that in pieces like this, "the first step is always that of imitating something and the next step is that of transforming what you're able to imitate".[5] ; Pole (Stockhausen): Each plus, minus, or equal sign indicates that, upon repetition of an event, the performer is to increase, decrease, or maintain the same level in one of four musical dimensions (or "parameters"): overall duration of the event, number of internal subdivisions, dynamic level, or pitch register/range. It is up to the performer to decide which of these dimensions is to be affected, except that vertically stacked signs must be applied to different parameters.[6] Despite this indeterminacy, a large number of plus signs (for example) will result in successive events becoming longer, more finely subdivided, louder, and either higher or wider in range; a large number of minus signs will produce the reverse effect.[2] To the signs previously used in Prozession, Kurzwellen, Spiral, and Expo Stockhausen adds some new ones and, for the first time, notated the sound-projectionist part which had been left to improvisation in the earlier pieces. At Expo '70, these movements were accomplished using a "rotation mill"—a small box with a crank on the top, like a small coffee grinder.[7] The spherical auditorium of the German Pavilion literally had poles, one above and the other below the audience platform at the "equator". Boldface plus and minus signs represent the zenith and nadir. The sounds of the two soloists are initially placed at the opposite poles (which may be the front and back of the hall, in ordinary spaces, distributed over eight or more channels). At first these sounds occasionally dip toward each other, and then fan out over their respective axes, followed by stairstepping back and forth over independent paths in three dimensions in a breathtaking spatial experience.[8]
Knowledge1: "Miss You" is a 1929 song by the Tobias brothers: Charles Tobias, Harry Tobias and Henry Tobias. It was the three brothers' first published song, and their first hit, but one of the few songs where all three collaborated. The song was revived for the 1942 film Strictly in the Groove when it was sung by The Dinning Sisters and played by Ozzie Nelson and Orchestra. [sep] Knowledge2: Miss You (Aaliyah song): "Miss You" is a song recorded by American singer Aaliyah. Written by Johntá Austin, Ginuwine and Teddy Bishop in 1998, the song was initially recorded in 1999 for Aaliyah's eponymous third studio album (2001). However, it did not make the final cut for Aaliyah and remained unreleased until after Aaliyah's death in 2001. It was then included on the posthumous compilation album I Care 4 U (2002) and was released as its lead single on October 28, 2002, by Blackground Records and Universal Records. ; Miss You (Louis Tomlinson song): Credits adapted from Tidal.[13]
Knowledge1: Bishop James Albert Duffy (13 September 1873 – 12 February 1968) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first bishop of the Diocese of Grand Island (formerly diocese of Kearney), Nebraska from 1913 to 1931.  Duffy was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, the third child of James J. Duffy and Johanna Shiely. When the death of the parents in 1879 orphaned the eight Duffy children, James Albert went to live at the Boys Orphan Asylum in Minneapolis. From 1887 to 1893 he was a student at the University of St. Thomas and subsequently attended Saint Paul Seminary School of Divinity from 1894 to 1899. [sep] Knowledge2: Author:James Albert Duffy: This author wrote articles for the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia, and the list on this page is complete ; Author:James Albert Duffy: This author died in 1968, so works by this author are in the public domain in countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 54 years or less. These works may be in the public domain in countries and areas with longer native copyright terms that apply the rule of the shorter term to foreign works.
Knowledge1:  Joseph Antoine Toussaint Dinouart (November 1, 1716 &ndash; April 23, 1786) was a preacher, polemicist, compiler of sacred learning, and apologist for French feminism. Born in Amiens, he was ordained as a priest in there in 1740. In his youth, he showed a talent for Latin poetry, but soon neglected this in favor of his religious studies. After writing a short essay on women's rights, he had a falling out with his bishop and moved to Paris, where he joined the Saint-Eustache parish. He soon left, however, to tutor the son of a police lieutenant. This position gave him a stable yearly income and allowed Dinouart to devote himself to the study of literature. In 1760, he founded the Journal ecclésiastique, which he edited until his death. The collected work of this journal numbers more than 100 volumes. It contains extracts from sermons, treatises on morality and piety, and research on ecclesiastical law and councils. [sep] Knowledge2: Pierre-Antoine Paulo: Pierre-Antoine Paulo, OMI (23 March 1944 – 4 February 2021) was a Haitian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Port-de-Paix from 2008 to 2020. Paulo was born in Camp-Perrin, Haiti. ; Pierre-Antoine Paulo: Pope Francis accepted his resignation as Bishop of Port-de-Paix on 14 April 2020.[1]; Pierre-Antoine Paulo: Paulo died on 4 February 2021 in Port-de-Paix, Haiti at the age of 76.[2]; Pierre-Antoine Paulo: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants. ; Pierre-Antoine Paulo: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Paulo.
Knowledge1: French priest, Saint Peter Julian Eymard. As he searched for a response to the needs and challenges of his time, he found the answer in the love of God manifested in a special way in the Eucharist. During Eymard's lifetime, the character of French Catholicism was changing from a religion of guilt and fear to a religion based on God's mercy and love. Eymard was a leading figure in this transition. Eymard was born February 4, 1811, at La Mure, Isère, France. He was a contemporary and friend of Peter Chanel, John Vianney, Marcellin Champagnat, and the sculptor, Auguste Rodin. [sep] Knowledge2: Joseph-Médard Emard: Il est né à Saint-Constant, comté de Laprairie, le 31 mars 1853. Il était le fils de Médard Emard, instituteur du village, et de Mathilde Beaudin. L'un de ses frères, le Père Emard, était oblat de Marie. Un autre était avocat et a tenu une place importante, à Montréal, dans le monde de la politique et de la finance. Trois de leurs sœurs sont devenues religieuses. Le futur archevêque était l'aîné de la famille.
Knowledge1:  He is a Christian and worships as a Catholic. He is married with 5 children. [sep] Knowledge2: Clemente Isnard: Clemente José Carlos de Gouvea Isnard OSB (* 8. Juli 1917 in Rio de Janeiro; † 24. August 2011 in Recife) war ein brasilianischer Geistlicher und Bischof von Nova Friburgo. ; Clemente Isnard: Am 23. April 1960 ernannte ihn Papst Johannes XXIII. zum ersten Bischof des vier Wochen zuvor errichteten Bistums Nova Friburgo. Der Apostolische Nuntius in Brasilien, Erzbischof Armando Lombardi, spendete ihm am 25. Juli desselben Jahres die Bischofsweihe. Mitkonsekratoren waren Bernard Denis Stewart, Bischof von Olinda e Recife, und Daniel Tavares Baeta Neves, Bischof von Januária. ; Clemente Isnard: Clemente Isnard nahm an allen vier Sitzungsperioden des Zweiten Vatikanischen Konzils als Konzilsvater teil. Er war Mitglied des nationalen Rates zur Durchführung der Liturgiekonstitution des Konzils (1964–1969), Vizepräsident der Brasilianischen Bischofskonferenz CNBB (1979–1982), Vorsteher des Liturgieausschusses der Lateinamerikanischen Bischofskonferenz CELAM (1979–1982) sowie Zweiter Vizepräsident des CELAM (1983–1987). Er war Mitglied der Kongregation für den Gottesdienst und die Sakramentenordnung in Rom. 1967 nahm er an der ersten Bischofssynode teil und war 1979 Teilnehmer der lateinamerikanischen Bischofsgeneralversammlungen in Puebla und 1992 in Santo Domingo. ; Clemente Isnard: Am 17. Juli 1992 nahm Papst Johannes Paul II. seinen altersbedingten Rücktritt an. 1994 wurde er zum Generalvikar des benachbarten Bistums Duque de Caxias ernannt, dieses Amt übte er bis 2004 aus. ; Clemente Isnard: In seinem Buch Gedanken eines Bischofs zu den heutigen kirchlichen Institutionen (port.: Reflexões de um bispo sobre as instituições eclesiásticas atuais) setzte Isnard sich für ein Ende des Pflichtzölibats und die Ordination von Frauen ein.[1]
Knowledge1: 108 Martyrs of World War II  The 108 Martyrs of World War II, known also as the 108 Blessed Polish Martyrs (), were Roman Catholics from Poland killed during World War II by Nazi Germany.  Their liturgical feast day is 12 June. The 108 were beatified on 13 June 1999 by Pope John Paul II in Warsaw, Poland. The group comprises 3 bishops, 79 priests, 7 male religious, 8 female religious, and 11 lay people. There are two parishes named for the 108 Martyrs of World War II in Powiercie in Koło County, and in Malbork, Poland. [sep] Knowledge2: Franciszek Rogaczewski: Franciszek Rogaczewski (23 December 1892 – 11 January 1940) was a Polish Catholic priest who was arrested by the Nazis and killed at Stutthof concentration camp. He is a martyr of the Roman Catholic church, and was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 13 June 1999.; Franciszek Rogaczewski: Oops something went wrong: ; Category:Franciszek Rogaczewski: The following 7 files are in this category, out of 7 total.
Knowledge1: Arturo Tabera Araoz was born in Barco, near Ávila, Spain. He joined the Congregation of Sons of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in May 1915. He was educated at the Claretian Seminary, and the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum "S. Apollinare" in Rome where he earned a doctorate in canon law.  Arturo Tabera Araoz J.C.D. (29 October 1903 – 13 June 1975) was a Spanish Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious and Secular Institutes.  He was ordained on 22 December 1928. He was from 1930 until 1946 a faculty member of the Theological School of Zafra, Badajoz; director of the journal Ilustración del Clero, Madrid; staff member of the journal Commemoratium pro religiosis, Rome; secretary of the prefecture of studies of his congregation; founder of the journal Vida religiosa, Rome; vice-postulator of the cause of beatification of Marcelo Spinola y Maestre, Archbishop of Seville.  Pope Pius XII appointed him titular bishop of Lirbe and apostolic administrator of Barbastro, Spain, on 16 February 1946. He was transferred to the diocese of Albacete on 13 May 1950. He attended the Second Vatican Council in Rome. He was promoted to the metropolitan see of Pamplona by Pope Paul VI on 23 July 1968.  He was made Cardinal-Priest of San Pietro in Montorio in the consistory of 28 April 1969 by Pope Paul. He was appointed Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship on 20 February 1971. Pope Paul appointed him prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious and Secular Institutes on 8 September 1973. He died in 1975 in Rome. Arturo Tabera Araoz  Arturo Tabera Araoz (29 October 1903 – 13 June 1975) was a Spanish cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Religious and Secular Institutes. [sep] Knowledge2: Dicastery for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life: Journals and Professional Societies
Knowledge1: Alfred Edward Reid (November 28, 1891 – October 7, 1955) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Hants East in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1954 to 1955. He was a member of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party. Born in 1891 at Musquodoboit, Halifax County, Nova Scotia, Reid was a general merchant by career. He married Ruth Emma Kerr in 1913. Reid attempted to enter provincial politics in the 1953 election, and after trailing on election night, a recount resulted in Reid winning the Hants East riding by one vote over Progressive Conservative incumbent Ernest M. Ettinger. Ettinger appealed to the Supreme Court citing voting irregularities, and the election was voided in February 1954. A byelection was held on November 16, 1954, resulting in a tie between Reid and Ettinger which was broken when the returning officer cast the deciding vote for Reid, declaring him elected by one vote. Reid died in office on October 7, 1955. [sep] Knowledge2: Alfred Reid (bishop): Alfred Charles Reid, O.J. (died 2 December 2019)[1] served the Anglican Diocese of Jamaica as a bishop for over 30 years.[2] ; Alfred Reid (bishop): He was educated at St Peter's College Jamaica and ordained in 1960.[3] His first post was a curacy in Montego Bay after which he held incumbencies at Vere and Stony Hill. He was  Suffragan Bishop of Montego Bay from 1980 to 2000 when he became the diocesan bishop,[4] a position he held until 2012. ; Alfred Reid (bishop): This article about an Anglican bishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Simon Ntamwana (born 3 June 1946) has been the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Gitega in Burundi since 1997. Ntamwana was ordained as a priest on 24 March 1974 and from 1988 to 1997 he was the bishop of the diocese in Bujumbura. In 1997 he succeeded Joachim Ruhuna as the archbishop of Gitega. In 2009, he defended Pope Benedict XVI over a controversy on the refusal to give any kind of approval to condoms in the fight against AIDS. [sep] Knowledge2: Simon Ntamwana: Cet article est une ébauche concernant le catholicisme et le Burundi. ; Simon Ntamwana: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants. ; Simon Ntamwana: Simon Ntamwana, né le 3 juin 1946 à Mukenke, est un prélat burundais, archevêque de Gitega depuis 1997. ; Simon Ntamwana: Simon Ntamwana est né le 3 juin 1946 à Mukenke au Ruanda-Urundi sous protectorat belge, aujourd’hui dans la province de Kirundo au Burundi. Entre 1966 et 1967, il étudie une année la philosophie au grand séminaire de Bujumbura. Il part ensuite à Rome étudier à l'Université pontificale urbanienne. Il y obtient un baccalauréat en théologie ainsi qu'un doctorat en philosophie. Là, il est ordonné prêtre par le cardinal Agnelo Rossi le 24 mars 1974. Rentré au Burundi en 1976, il est recteur du petit séminaire de Muyinga puis curé de Gitaramuka. Il s'occupe également de divers mouvements catholiques[2]. ; Simon Ntamwana: Il est nommé évêque de Bujumbura le 14 novembre 1988 puis sacré le 5 février 1989 par le cardinal Bernardin Gantin. Le 24 janvier 1997, il est nommé archevêque de Gitega.
Knowledge1:  Notes [sep] Knowledge2: Robert F. Kennedy: In September 1942, Kennedy transferred to his third boarding school, Milton Academy, in Milton, Massachusetts, for 11th and 12th grades.[28] His father wanted him to transfer to Milton, believing it would better prepare him for admittance to Harvard.[29] At Milton, he met and became friends with David Hackett.  Hackett admired Kennedy's determination to bypass his shortcomings and remembered him redoubling his efforts whenever something did not come easy to him, which included athletics, studies, success with girls, and popularity.[30] Hackett remembered the two of them as "misfits", a commonality that drew him to Kennedy, along with an unwillingness to conform to how others acted even if doing so meant not being accepted. He had an early sense of virtue; he disliked dirty jokes and bullying, once stepping in when an upperclassman tried bothering a younger student.[31] The headmaster at Milton would later summarize that he was a "very intelligent boy, quiet and shy, but not outstanding, and he left no special mark on Milton".[13] Kennedy graduated from Milton Academy in May 1944.[32]
Knowledge1: Guadalupe Missionaries (Misioneros de Guadalupe, official name: Instituto de Santa María de Guadalupe para las Misiones Extranjeras), also known by their abbreviation MG, is a Roman Catholic missionary society in Mexico. It was founded on October 7, 1949. The headquarters are located in Mexico City The members of the Society are secular and devote their lives to the mission Ad gentes. The first Superior General of the Society was Bishop Alonso M. Escalante, a Mexican who worked previously for years in China and Bolivia. [sep] Knowledge2: Misión Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe de Huasinapi: The mission went through a typical trajectory of demographic decline experienced by the Baja California missions, as the neophyte population dwindled under the impact of Old World diseases. The mission was abandoned in the Dominican period, in 1795, when its residents were transferred to La Purísima. Surviving traces of Mission Guadalupe include building walls, dams, and graveyards.
Knowledge1:  John Richardson (1667–1753) was an English Quaker minister and autobiographer.  John Richardson was born in 1667, probably in the village of North Cave, East Riding of Yorkshire, where his father, William Richardson (1614–1679), a shepherd, had been converted to Quakerism by William Dewsberry or Dewsbury in about 1652. He was twelve when his father died, leaving his mother with a livestock farm to run and five children. John had one older sister, who died about 1682, and three younger brothers, of whom the youngest was born about 1676.  John Richardson (September 30, 1886 – January 24, 1976) was an American attorney and political figure from Massachusetts. John Richardson  John Richardson may refer to:         John Richardson (translator)  John Richardson (born Linton, Cambridgeshire, c. 1564 – 1625) was a Biblical scholar and a Master of Trinity College, Cambridge from 1615 until his death. [sep] Knowledge2: John Richardson: John Richardson may refer to: ; John Richardson (translator): John Richardson (born Linton, Cambridgeshire, c. 1564 – 1625) was a Biblical scholar and a Master of Trinity College, Cambridge from 1615 until his death. ; John Richardson (translator): In 1607 he was appointed Regius Professor of Divinity, in succession to Dr. John Overall.[2] ; John Richardson (translator): In 1609 he was appointed Master of Peterhouse before accepting in 1615 the same position at Trinity.[1] ; John Richardson (translator): Some notes of his Lectiones de Predestinatione are preserved in manuscript in Cambridge University Library (Gg. i. 29, pt. ii.). He and Richard Thomson were among the first of the Cambridge divines who maintained the doctrine Arminianism in opposition to the Calvinists.[2] He resigned in 1617 as a results of increasing anti-Arminian pressure.[3] He then served in 1617 and 1618 as vice-chancellor of the university.[1]
Knowledge1:  Gabriel Sharma is an Anglican Bishop in Fiji. On 1 May 2005, he became the first Indo-Fijian to be consecrated as an Anglican Bishop, the first ethnic Indian Bishop in the Province of Aotearoa, of which Fiji forms a part, and the first Bishop specifically assigned to Fiji's Western Division, when he was installed as Bishop of Viti Levu West. On 10 April 2005, in a service at Suva's Holy Trinity Cathedral, he was consecrated together with Apimeleki Qiliho, who became Bishop of Vanua Levu, and Dr Winston Halapua, who was installed as Bishop of the Diocese of Polynesia, which covers New Zealand. He resigned his See in 2013, but returned in 2017. [sep] Knowledge2: Gabriel Sharma: Gabriel Sharma is an Anglican Bishop in Fiji. On 1 May 2005, he became the first Indo-Fijian to be consecrated as an Anglican Bishop, the first ethnic Indian Bishop in the Province of Aotearoa, of which Fiji forms a part, and the first Bishop specifically assigned to Fiji's Western Division, when he was installed as Bishop of Viti Levu West. In a service at Suva's Holy Trinity Cathedral, he was consecrated together with Apimeleki Qilho, who became Bishop of Vanua Levu, and Dr Winston Halapua, who was installed as Bishop of the Diocese of Polynesia, which covers New Zealand. Family background Sharma, who hails from a farming family in the village of Korokoro in Nadroga-Navosa Province, was raised as a Hindu but converted to Christianity after meeting Ana, whom he married in 1985. View on the 2006 coup After the 2006 coup, Bishop Sharma, told Anglicans in Sydney that Fijian Christians were praying especially that no one would be harmed. He said that the majority of Fijians believe that the coup was illegal, but that a silent minority thought that the coup was ‘the only thing that could have happened.’ He called on the outside world to try to understand the situation. “We have heard a number of negative remarks [about the situation in Fiji] , but this will not help the people,” he said.Bishop Sharma said that many churchgoers in his region have been laid off as hotel visits had slumped. He said that many people were still hopeful for a democratic resolution, but requested that Sydney Anglicans continued to pray. [cite news|url=http://your.sydneyanglicans.net/sydneystories/fijian_fears_drive_bishops_to_prayer/|title=Fijian fears drive Bishops to prayer]  References  ; Gabriel Sharma:  Wikimedia Foundation.    2010. ; Gabriel Sharma: Anglican Church in Aotearoa, New Zealand and Polynesia — Primate William Brown Turei (Aotearoa) David Moxon (New Zealand) Winston Halapua (Polynesia) Headquarters Wellington, New Zealand …   Wikipedia; Gabriel Sharma: Diocese of Polynesia — The Diocese of Polynesia, or the Tikanga Pasefika, headed by Archbishop Winston Halapua,[1] serves Anglicans in Fiji, Tonga, Samoa, and the Cook Islands, within the Anglican Church of Aotearoa, New Zealand and Polynesia. The diocese s first… …   Wikipedia
Knowledge1:  Carlo was born in Turin, Italy on April 20, 1954, and later completed his studies in philosophy and theology at the Pontifical Salesian University. On May 26, 1984 he was ordained a priest in Cuorgne for the Salesians of Don Bosco, and later obtained an academic degree in materials science with a specialization in literary arts at the University of Turin in 1989. He held numerous positions in the administrative academic when he became a professor of theoretical philosophy at the Pontifical Salesian University. He later became a coordinator of the Secretariat Relations Students and chaplain of the University from 1986 to 1998. During his job as a coordinator, he was appointed secretary of the Pontifical Commission for the Cultural Heritage of the Church in 1995. [sep] Knowledge2: Haurietis aquas: Augustin Bea, a close associate of Pope Pius XII, is widely believed to have contributed to preparing the document, particularly the biblical references.[2]
Knowledge1:   John Gwynn (1713 – 28 February 1786) was an English architect and civil engineer, who became one of the founder members of the Royal Academy in 1768. He advocated greater control over planning in London, for which he produced detailed suggestions. His buildings include Magdalen Bridge and the Covered Market in Oxford, and several bridges over the River Severn. [sep] Knowledge2: John Gwynne: John Gwynne, Gwynn or Gwyn may refer to:
Knowledge1: Joseph Schubert (24 June 1890 &ndash; 4 April 1969) was a Romanian cleric and a titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.  Joseph Schubert (20 December 1754 – 28 July 1837) was a German composer, violinist, and violist. Schubert was born in Varnsdorf, Bohemia (now Czech Republic) to a musical family. He received his early musical education from his father, who was a cantor, and then in Prague. In 1778, he moved to Berlin to study the violin with Paul Kohn, director of the royal orchestra there. In 1779, Schubert obtained a position as violinist in the court of Heinrich Friedrich, the Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt. In 1788, he accepted a post as violist in the court orchestra of Dresden, where he remained until his death in 1837. Schubert gained recognition as a versatile composer, cited in the 1812 edition of Ernst Ludwig Gerber's lexicon of composers. His œuvre includes 15 masses, 4 operas, 17 sonatas, and 49 concertos for solo instruments. The Saxon State Library in Dresden holds the manuscripts of three viola concertos attributed to him. [sep] Knowledge2: Joseph Schubert (bishop): Joseph Schubert (24 June 1890 – 4 April 1969) was a Romanian cleric and a titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. ; Joseph Schubert (bishop): Born to an ethnic German family in Bucharest, he studied theology at Innsbruck, becoming doctor of theology and being ordained a priest in 1916. After returning to Romania, he was assigned as parish priest in Caramurat, and in 1931 as a priest attached to the Bucharest cathedral. He also taught at the theological seminary in his native city. Following the 1949 arrest of Anton Durcovici by the authorities of the new Communist regime, he was made Apostolic Administrator of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bucharest, being consecrated titular bishop of Ceramus by Gerald Patrick O'Hara in June 1950. Arrested in February 1951, he was sentenced to hard labor for life and freed in August 1964.[1] Sighet prison was among the places where he was incarcerated.[2] Forced to reside at first in Timişu de Sus, he was under constant surveillance from agents of the Religious Affairs Department. In January 1969 he was allowed to emigrate to Western Europe, meeting Pope Paul VI the following month and dying in Munich in April.[1] ; Joseph Schubert (bishop): It was Schubert who consecrated Alexandru Todea bishop in 1950. Prior to leaving Romania, he transferred his administrative duties to Iosif Gonciu, who in turn left them to Ioan Robu in 1983.[1]
Knowledge1: Bellino Giusto Ghirard (22 May 1935 − 26 July 2013) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. Ordained to the priesthood in 1962, Ghirard was appointed coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rodez, France, in 1990 and succeeded to the diocese in 1991 retiring in 2011. [sep] Knowledge2: Bellino Ghirard Bellino Giusto Ghirard 25 Mai 1935 in Seyches Département Lot et Garonne Frankreich 26 Juli 2013 in Agen: Bellino Giusto Ghirard (* 25. Mai 1935 in Seyches, Département Lot-et-Garonne, Frankreich; † 26. Juli 2013 in Agen, Frankreich) war Bischof von Rodez. ; Bellino Ghirard Bellino Giusto Ghirard 25 Mai 1935 in Seyches Département Lot et Garonne Frankreich 26 Juli 2013 in Agen: Bellino Ghirard trat nach dem Besuch des Kleinen Seminars in Bon-Encontre (1947–1954) in das Priesterseminar in Agen ein. 1955 wechselte er an das Priesterseminar in Bordeaux (1955–1956), Séminaire universitaire Pie XI et Institut catholique in Toulouse (1960–1963) und Straßburg (1964) mit Abschlüssen in Scholastik, Philosophie, Theologie und Italienisch. Er empfing am 30. Juni 1962 die Priesterweihe und lehrte am Kleinen Seminar von Bon-Encontre (1963–1971). Danach war er Vikar in der Pfarrei Notre-Dame de Bon-Encontre (1971–1978) und Diözesan-Kaplan der Katholischen Aktion (ACGF und VEA) (1975–1978). 1978 übernahm er die Pfarrei in Marmande sowie die Landgemeinden Birac und Sainte-Abondance (1978–1984). Von 1984 bis 1990 war er Generalvikar.; Bellino Ghirard Bellino Giusto Ghirard 25 Mai 1935 in Seyches Département Lot et Garonne Frankreich 26 Juli 2013 in Agen: Papst Johannes Paul II. ernannte ihn am 25. April 1990 zum Koadjutorbischof von Rodez. Die Bischofsweihe spendete ihm der Bischof von Rodez, Roger Joseph Bourrat, am 17. Juni 1990; Mitkonsekratoren waren Sabin-Marie Saint-Gaudens, Bischof von Agen, und Pierre Eyt, Erzbischof von Bordeaux. Mit dem Rücktritt Roger Joseph Bourrats am 1. Juni 1991 folgte er diesem im Amt des Bischofs von Rodez nach. Am 2. April 2011 nahm Papst Benedikt XVI. sein aus Altersgründen vorgebrachtes Rücktrittsgesuch an.
Knowledge1: Heinrich Fasching (24 May 1929 &ndash; 1 June 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop. Ordained to the priesthood in 1954, Fasching was named titular bishop of Acci and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sankt Pölten in 1993. He retired in 2004. [sep] Knowledge2: Heinrich Fasching: Heinrich Fasching (24 May 1929 – 1 June 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop. ; Heinrich Fasching: This article about a Catholic bishop from Austria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Heinrich Fasching: Heinrich Fasching (* 24. Mai 1929 in Höfnerberg bei Pierbach, Oberösterreich; † 1. Juni 2014 in St. Pölten[1]) war ein Weihbischof der Diözese St. Pölten. ; Heinrich Fasching: Heinrich Fasching besuchte ab 1940 das Gymnasium Waidhofen an der Thaya und ab 1945 das Stiftsgymnasium Melk. Nach der Matura trat er 1949 in das Priesterseminar der Diözese St. Pölten ein und studierte dort Philosophie und Theologie. Am 29. Juni 1954 empfing er die Priesterweihe. Er war Kaplan in Randegg, Loosdorf und St. Valentin und 1956/57 Vizerektor des Bischöflichen Seminars in Melk. Danach studierte er an der Universität Gregoriana in Rom Kanonisches Recht und wurde zum Dr. iur. can. promoviert. ; Heinrich Fasching: Ab 1960 war er Subregens des Priesterseminars in St. Pölten, Vizeoffizial des Diözesangerichts, Ordinariatssekretär und Diözesanseelsorger der Katholischen Arbeiterjugend (Mädchen). Von 1968 bis 1970 war er Kirchenrechtsprofessor an der Philosophisch-theologischen Hochschule St. Pölten. Von 1970 bis 1993 war er Ordinariatskanzler und Direktor des Diözesanbauamtes. Seit 1976 war er Mitglied des Domkapitels, 1995 wurde er Dompropst, 1983 stellvertretender Generalvikar. Am 1. Oktober 1991 wurde er zum Generalvikar ernannt und wurde von Bischof Kurt Krenn mit der inneren Leitung der Diözese beauftragt.
Knowledge1: Angelo Maria Rivato (December 3, 1924 &ndash; August 20, 2011) was the first Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Ponta de Pedras, Brazil. Born in Italy, Rivato was ordained to the priesthood for the Society of Jesus. In 1967 he was ordained as bishop and was appointed the first bishop of the Ponta de Pedras Diocese.  . [sep] Knowledge2: Angelo Maria Rivato: Angelo Maria Rivato (December 3, 1924 – August 20, 2011) was the first Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Ponta de Pedras, Brazil.
Knowledge1: Walter James Fitzgerald, S.J. (November 17, 1883 – July 19, 1947) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as Vicar Apostolic of Alaska from 1945 until his death in 1947. A Jesuit, he also served as President of Gonzaga University from 1921 to 1927 and of Seattle University from 1929 to 1931. Walter James Fitzgerald, American Roman Catholic bishop [sep] Knowledge2: Walter James Fitzgerald: Walter James Fitzgerald, S.J. (November 17, 1883 – July 19, 1947) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church.  He served as Vicar Apostolic of Alaska from 1945 until his death in 1947.  A Jesuit, he also served as President of Gonzaga University from 1921 to 1927 and of Seattle University from 1929 to 1931. ; Walter James Fitzgerald: Fitzgerald was born at Peola, in Garfield County, Washington, to Patrick Sarsfield and Johanna Frances (née Kirk) Fitzgerald.[1] He entered the Society of Jesus (more commonly known as the Jesuits) in 1902, and graduated from the normal school in Los Gatos, California, in 1906. He then returned to Washington and served as a professor at Seattle College until 1909, when he enrolled at Gonzaga University in Spokane. He earned his Bachelor of Arts (1910) and Master of Arts (1912) degrees from Gonzaga.[1] From 1912 to 1920, he was a professor at Gonzaga, although his service was interrupted by a period of study at Immaculate Conception College in Montreal, Quebec, Canada (1915–19) to receive his Doctor of Sacred Theology degree.[1] ; Walter James Fitzgerald: Fitzgerald was ordained to the priesthood on May 16, 1918.[2] After teaching at the institution for the next three years, he became president of Gonzaga University in 1921, serving in that position until 1927.[1] He afterward served as president of Manresa Hall in Port Townsend (1927–29) and of Seattle College (1929–31). He then served as vice-provincial (1931–32) and later provincial (1932–38) of the Jesuits' Northwestern Province.[1] ; Walter James Fitzgerald: On December 14, 1938, Fitzgerald was appointed Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic of Alaska and Titular Bishop of Tymbrias by Pope Pius XI.[2] He received his episcopal consecration on February 24, 1939 from Bishop Joseph Crimont, with Bishops Charles White and Robert Armstrong serving as co-consecrators.[2] Upon the death of Bishop Crimont, Fitzgerald succeeded him as Vicar Apostolic of Alaska on May 20, 1945. He remained in this position until his death in Seattle at the age of 63.[3]
Knowledge1:  Born in Swindon and attended Queens' College, Cambridge. His mother was an Armenian and the daughter of a man fleeing the Armenian genocide; she was later adopted by his grandfather. [sep] Knowledge2: John Jukes (bishop): John Peter Jukes (7 August 1923 – 21 November 2011) was a British prelate of the Catholic Church.[3] He was a member of the Conventual Franciscans.
Knowledge1:  François Blanchetière is a French New Testament scholar. He is known for his view on continuity between Second Temple period Judaism and Jewish Christianity and considers that Jesus cannot be considered as a "founder" of a religion. Blanchetière considers that "Nazarene" religion was a religious movement of Semitic character within Judaism. His position is often linked to that of Simon Claude Mimouni. [sep] Knowledge2: François Guizot: Driven from Nîmes by the Revolution, Madame Guizot and her son went to Geneva, where he was educated. In spite of her decided Calvinistic opinions, the theories of Jean-Jacques Rousseau influenced Madame Guizot. A strong Liberal, she even adopted the notion inculcated in Emile that every man ought to learn a manual trade or craft. Guizot learnt carpentry, and succeeded in making a table with his own hands, which is still preserved.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Ricardo Watty Urquidi (July 16, 1938 &ndash; November 1, 2011) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Tepic in Nayarit, Mexico. Born in San Diego, California, he was ordained to the priesthood in 1968. In 1980 he was named bishop. He died in Tepic on November 1, 2011, aged 73, from pancreatic cancer. [sep] Knowledge2: Ricardo Watty Urquidi: Ricardo Watty Urquidi (San Diego, California, 16 de julio de 1938-Ciudad de México, 1 de noviembre de 2011) fue un obispo católico mexicano perteneciente a los Misioneros del Espíritu Santo. Ordenado sacerdote en 1968, fue nombrado obispo auxiliar de México en 1980 por el papa Juan Pablo II permaneciendo en este cargo hasta el 6 de noviembre de 1989 en que fue nombrado primer obispo de la Diócesis de Nuevo Laredo, permaneciendo en esta diócesis norteña hasta el 11 de abril de 2008 en que fue trasladado a la Diócesis de Tepic siendo obispo de la misma cuando falleció a la edad de 73 años.[1]​ ; Ricardo Watty Urquidi: 16 lipca 1938 San Diego ; Ricardo Watty Urquidi: 1 listopada 2011 ; Ricardo Watty Urquidi: katolicyzm ; Ricardo Watty Urquidi: grudzień 1958[1]
Knowledge1: William Preston (7 August 1742 – 1 April 1818) was a Scottish author, editor and lecturer, born in Edinburgh. After attending school and college he became secretary to the linguist Thomas Ruddiman, who became his guardian on the death of his father. On the death of Thomas, Preston became a printer for Walter Ruddiman, Thomas' brother. In 1760 he moved to London and started a distinguished career with the printer William Strahan. He became a Freemason, instituting a system of lectures of instruction, and publishing Illustrations of Masonry, which ran to several editions. It was under Preston that the Lodge of Antiquity seceded from the Moderns Grand Lodge to become "The Grand Lodge of All England South of the River Trent" for ten years. He died on 1 April 1818, after a long illness, and was buried in St Paul's Cathedral. [sep] Knowledge2: William Preston (bishop):  William Preston, D.D. (1729 (1729) – (1789-04-19)19 April 1789) was an Irish Anglican bishop.[1][2][3] ; William Preston (bishop): William Preston was the son of John Preston of Hincaster, Westmorland, by his third wife Ann.[3] He was educated at Heversham Grammar School and admitted a sizar at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1749 at the age of 19. He graduated B.A. in 1753, M.A. in 1756. He became a Fellow of Trinity in 1755, and was rector of Ockham, Surrey from 1764 to 1784. He gave up his fellowship in 1765.[2][4] ; William Preston (bishop): Preston spent some time as a chaplain to Philip Yonge, the bishop of Norwich. He then went to Vienna, as chaplain to Lord Stormont. He acted as the British chargé d'affaires in Naples, where he had moved for his health, in the absence of Sir William Hamilton.[5] He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1778.[6] ; William Preston (bishop): After becoming chaplain and secretary to Charles Manners, 4th Duke of Rutland, Preston was nominated as Bishop of Killala and Achonry on 13 October 1784, and consecrated on 11 November that year. Translated to Ferns and Leighlin on 9 November 1787, he died in Dublin on 19 April 1789 and was buried at Ferns Cathedral.[7][8] ; William Preston (bishop): This article about an Irish Anglican bishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Cosmo Francesco Ruppi (6 June 1932 – 29 May 2011) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lecce, Italy. Ordained in 1954, Ruppi was named a bishop and was appointed to the Lecce Archdiocese in 1988. Archbishop Ruppi retired in 2009.  Zuppi was born on 11 October 1955 in Rome. He studied at the seminary in Palestrina and earned his degree in theology at the Pontifical Lateran University in Rome. He earned a doctorate at the Sapienza University of Rome, writing his thesis on the history of Christianity. He was ordained a priest on 9 May 1981. He worked with the Community of Sant'Egidio, a Catholic lay association devoted to ecumenism and conflict resolution. He participated with several colleagues in negotiations that helped end the civil war in Mozambique in 1992 and was made an honorary citizen of that country. On 31 January 2012, Pope Benedict XVI named him an Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Rome and titular bishop of Villa Nova. [sep] Knowledge2: Cosmo Francesco Ruppi: Cosmo Francesco Ruppi (født 6. juni 1932 i Alberobello nær Bari i Puglia i Italia, død 29. mai 2011 i Locorotondo nær Bari) var katolsk erkebiskop av Lecce sør i Italia. ; Cosmo Francesco Ruppi: Ruppi studerte ved presteseminarene i Conversano og Molfetta. Ved universitetet i Bari tok han utdannelse i pedagogikk og i historie og litteraturvitenskap.  ; Cosmo Francesco Ruppi: Biskopen av Conversano, Gregorio Falconieri, presteviet ham den 18. desember 1954. Han underviste så ved presteseminaret i Conversano. I 1961 ble han kalt til  professor ved Seminari Pontifici dalla Congregazione. Han underviste i filosofihistorie, filosofisk teori, didaktikk, psykologi, sosiologi og politisk økonomi ved det pavelige fakultet for Sør-Italia (Pontificia Facoltà Teologica dell'Italia Meridionale, PFTIM) og ved det teologiske institutt i Molfetta i Puglia (Istituto Teologico «Regina Apuliae» di Molfetta). I 1969 grunnla han sammen med erkebiskopen av Bari, Enrico Nicodemo, Istituto Superiore di Teologia Ecumenica og var dets første generalsekretær. I 1964 ble han stedfortredende sekretær for den regionale italienske bispekonferanse for Puglia og i 1967 direktør des Istituto Pastorale Pugliese. ; Cosmo Francesco Ruppi: Da bispedømmene Termoli og Larino ble sammenslått den 30. september 1986 ble han første biskop av Termoli-Larino.   ; Cosmo Francesco Ruppi: Den 7. desember 1988 ble han erkebiskop av Lecce, og innført i dette embede den 29. januar året etter. Han var fra 8. juni 1999 til 29. januar 2008 formann for den regionale italienske bispekonferanse i Puglia, og i 2001 var han medlem av bispesynoden i Roma.
Knowledge1:  Born in Coruripe, Palmeira Lessa was ordained to the priesthood on July 3, 1968. On June 21, 1982, he was appointed auxiliary bishop of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro and titular bishop of Sita. Palmeira Lessa received his episcopal consecration on the following August 24 from Eugênio Cardinal de Araújo Sales, archbishop of São Sebastião do Rio de Janeiro, with the bishop of Guaxupé, José Alberto Lopes de Castro Pinto, and the bishop of Vitória da Conquista, Celso José Pinto da Silva, serving as co-consecrators. On October 30, 1987, he was appointed bishop of Propriá. He served in this position for nine years, before being appointed coadjutor archbishop of Aracajú on December 6, 1996, succeeding as archbishop on August 26, 1998 after the retirement of his predecessor Luciano José Cabral Duarte. [sep] Knowledge2: José Palmeira Lessa: Palmeira Lessa sai 30. lokakuuta 1987 nimityksen Proprián piispaksi ja 6. joulukuuta 1996 Aracajún koadjuuttoriarkkipiispaksi. 26. elokuuta 1998 hänestä tuli Aracajún arkkipiispa.[1]
Knowledge1:  Marini was born in Rome, and was a relative of Pietro Cardinal Marini. He studied at the Collegio Capranica; the Pontifical Gregorian University, from where he obtained his doctorates in philosophy, in theology, and in canon and civil law; and the Royal University of Rome. He was ordained to the priesthood on 26 June 1866, and then did pastoral work in Rome. Founder of the Catholic daily Il buon senso, he also worked with Catholic Action in creating the women's club Gaetana Agnesi. He was later named vicar general of Cardinal Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stefano. He became an official of the [sep] Knowledge2: Niccolò Marini: Pope Benedict XV created him Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria in Domnica in the consistory of 4 December 1916. Marini, who never became a bishop, was named to the Commission of Historical Studies on 4 January 1917. He was made Secretary of the Sacred Congregation for the Oriental Churches on 29 November 1917, essentially serving as head of that congregation as the Pope was the nominal Prefect at that time. Cardinal Marini resigned his post because of his advanced age and poor health in 1922. During that same year, he participated in the papal conclave that selected Pope Pius XI, although he was suffering from acute influenza; The Times of London erroneously reported Marini's death.[1]
Knowledge1:   James MacManaway  (1860 – 29 November 1947) was an Anglican bishop. Born in County Roscommon in 1860, MacManaway was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and ordained in 1888. He was Curate of Clanabogan then Rector of Termonmaguirk; and after that the incumbent at Fivemiletown. He became a Canon of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, in 1912 and Archdeacon of Clogher in 1917. He was appointed Bishop of Clogher in 1923 and served the diocese for 20 years. He died on 29 November 1947. MacManaway married Sarah Thompson from Co. Kilkenny with whom he had sons Lancelot, Richard and James Godfrey and Daughter Mary. His son, James Godfrey MacManaway, was also a Church of Ireland clergyman and became a politician. [sep] Knowledge2: James MacManaway (bishop):  James MacManaway  (1860 – 29 November 1947) was an Anglican bishop.[1] ; James MacManaway (bishop): Born in County Roscommon in 1860,[2] MacManaway was educated at Trinity College, Dublin[3]  and ordained in 1888.[4] He was Curate of Clanabogan then Rector of  Termonmaguirk; and after that the incumbent at Fivemiletown. He became a Canon of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, in 1912 and Archdeacon of Clogher in 1917. He was appointed Bishop of Clogher in 1923[5] and served the diocese for 20 years. He died on 29 November 1947. ; James MacManaway (bishop): MacManaway married Sarah Thompson from County Kilkenny with whom he had sons Lancelot, Richard and James Godfrey and Daughter Mary. His son, James Godfrey MacManaway, was also a Church of Ireland clergyman and became a politician.[6] ; James MacManaway: James MacManaway may refer to:
Knowledge1: Bernard Yago (July 1916 &ndash; 5 October 1997) was an Ivoirian Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Abidjan from 1960 to 1994 and was made cardinal in 1983.  Bernard Yago was born in Pass, Yopougon, and studied at the seminary in Abidjan before being ordained to the priesthood on 1 May 1947. He then served as a professor at the Minor Seminary of Bingerville and as director of the Pre-Seminary École de Petit Clerics until 1956, whence he began pastoral work in Abidjan until 1957. Yago furthered his studies at the Catholic Institute of Paris from 1957 to 1959. Upon his return to Côte d'Ivoire, he was Counselor of Catholic Action in Abidjan from until 1960. On 5 April 1960, Yago was appointed Archbishop of Abidjan by Pope John XXIII. He received his episcopal consecration on the following 8 May [sep] Knowledge2: Bernard Yago: Bernard Yago (né en juillet 1916 à Pass village de Dabou d'une famille aisé en Côte d'Ivoire et mort le 5 octobre 1997 à Abidjan) est un cardinal ivoirien, archevêque d'Abidjan de 1960 à 1994. ; Bernard Yago: Bernard Yago est ordonné prêtre le 1er mai 1947 pour le diocèse d'Abidjan.  ; Bernard Yago: Nommé archevêque d'Abidjan le 5 avril 1960, succédant à Jean-Baptiste Boivin, il est consacré le 8 mai suivant par le pape Jean XXIII en personne. C'est le premier archevêque autochtone d'Abidjan. ; Bernard Yago: Il se retire trente-quatre ans plus tard, le 19 décembre 1994. Il a alors 78 ans. ; Bernard Yago: Il est créé cardinal par le pape Jean-Paul II lors du consistoire du 2 février 1983 avec le titre de cardinal-prêtre de S. Crisogono. Il est le premier cardinal ivoirien de l'histoire.
Knowledge1: Bernard William Schmitt  Bernard William Schmitt (August 17, 1928, Wheeling, West Virginia – August 16, 2011, Wheeling, West Virginia) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Wheeling-Charleston from March 29, 1989 to December 9, 2004. [sep] Knowledge2: Roman Catholic Diocese of Wheeling–Charleston: Schmitt resigned in 2004 and John Paul II replaced him with Monsignor Michael J. Bransfield from the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. Pope Benedict XVI  raised Sacred Heart to a minor basilica on November 9, 2009.
Knowledge1:  He is a Christian. [sep] Knowledge2: James the Great: The Acts of the Apostles records that "Herod the king" (usually identified with Herod Agrippa) had James executed by the sword.[1] Nixon suggests that this may have been caused by James's fiery temper,[10] in which he and his brother earned the nickname Boanerges or "Sons of Thunder".[11] F. F. Bruce contrasts this story to that of the Liberation of Saint Peter, and writes that the proposition that "James should die while Peter should escape" is a "mystery of divine providence".[12]
Knowledge1: Pedro Lisímaco de Jesús Vílchez Vílchez (1982–2005) ; Carlos Enrique Herrera Gutiérrez, O.F.M. (2005– ) [sep] Knowledge2: Pedro Lisímaco de Jesús Vílchez Vílchez: Ordained to the priesthood in 1958, he was named bishop of the Diocese of Jinotega, Nicaragua, in 1984 and retired in 2005.[1]
Knowledge1:  . [sep] Knowledge2: Robert Milman: Robert Milman (25 January 1816 - 15 February 1876) was an Anglican bishop[1] in the second half of the 19th century.[2] ; Robert Milman: He was born at Easton in Gordano, Somerset the third son of Sir William George Milman, 2nd Baronet, of Levaton in Devonshire and was educated as a day-scholar at Westminster School. He entered Exeter College, Oxford where he graduated B.A. in 1838, and M.A and D.D. in 1867.[3] ; Robert Milman: He was appointed as the Bishop of Calcutta in 1867[3] and moved there with his sister in March of that year. He had been ordained and consecrated to the episcopate at Canterbury Cathedral on the Feast of the Purification (2 February 1867), by Charles Longley, Archbishop of Canterbury.[4] His diocese, which at that date included the Central Provinces, the Punjaub on the west, and British Burma on the east, extended over nearly a million square miles. A fluent linguist, he learnt to speak in Bengali, Hindustani, Hindi, and several related dialects. ; Robert Milman: He caught a chill when travelling from Calcutta to Peshawur and died at Rawul Pindi in February 1876. He had never married.[6] ; Robert Milman: He was the author of a number of publications:[3]
Knowledge1: Kenneth Graham Bevan (27 September 1898 – 3 December 1993) was an Anglican missionary bishop in China.  He was ordained deacon in 1923, and priest in 1924, and was then a curate at Holy Trinity, Tunbridge Wells (now Trinity Theatre) before missionary service with the Anglican-Episcopal Province of China from 1925. Consecrated a bishop in 1940 in Holy Trinity Cathedral, Shanghai, for 10 years he was Bishop of Eastern Szechwan. The obituary in the Church Times stated that: "His diocese was wild and mountainous, and in travelling round it he was reduced, he said, to carrying only a Bible and a toothbrush." Following the end of the Chinese Civil War and the Communist takeover of China, Bevan returned to England and became the vicar of Woolhope (1951-1966)), during which time he was also rural dean of Hereford (1955-1966) and Prebendary de Moreton et Whaddon at Hereford Cathedral (1956-1966). On retirement in 1966 he became Master of Archbishop Holgate's Hospital in Hemsworth and then an assistant bishop in the Diocese of Wakefield for a further 11 years. During that time, he founded the Retired Clergy Association.  all religions – ancestor worship". In Parliament, he became noticed as a harsh critic of those he felt opposed the working man and woman. His targets included the Conservative Winston Churchill and the Liberal David Lloyd George, as well as Ramsay MacDonald and Margaret Bondfield from his own Labour party (he targeted the latter for her unwillingness to increase unemployment benefits). He had solid support from his constituency, being one of the few Labour MPs to be unopposed in the 1931 General Election, and this support grew through the 1930s and the period of the Great Depression. Soon after Bevan entered Parliament, he was briefly [sep] Knowledge2: Aneurin Bevan: In 1928, Bevan won a seat on Monmouthshire County Council in the Tredegar Central Division. He lost the seat in 1931, but regained it in 1932 before deciding against seeking re-election in 1934.[19] With his success in 1928, he was picked as the Labour Party candidate for Ebbw Vale (displacing the sitting MP Evan Davies),[20] and easily held the seat at the 1929 General Election. Bevan gained more than twice the votes of Liberal candidate William Griffiths, receiving 20,000 votes to Griffiths' 8,000.[9][20] In keeping with his background, Bevan described his initial thoughts on the House of Commons as a shrine to "the most conservative of all religions – ancestor worship".[12] In Parliament, he became noticed as a harsh critic of those he felt opposed the working man and woman.[21] His targets included the Conservative Winston Churchill and the Liberal David Lloyd George, as well as Ramsay MacDonald and Margaret Bondfield from his own Labour party (he targeted the latter for her unwillingness to increase unemployment benefits).[22][23] He had solid support from his constituency, being one of the few Labour MPs to be unopposed in the 1931 General Election, and this support grew through the 1930s and the period of the Great Depression.[22] ; Aneurin Bevan: Soon after Bevan entered Parliament, he was briefly attracted to Smethwick Labour MP Oswald Mosley's arguments,[24] becoming one of the 17 signatories of the Mosley Memorandum in the context of the MacDonald government's repeated economic crises,[25] including the doubling of unemployment levels.[26] In January 1931, Bevan wrote a letter to the government on behalf of the Mosley group, raising concerns over its "failure to deal with unemployment".[27] Mosley broke from the Labour Party in early 1931 to form the New Party, but Bevan refused to defect and instead announced that he had no intention of leaving the Labour Party. By 1932, Mosley's New Party had migrated from the left over to the far-right of British politics and was rebranded as the British Union of Fascists. Bevan's past association with Mosley would be used against him in subsequent years by his political rivals.[28] ; Aneurin Bevan:  The Labour conference voted to drop its opposition to rearmament. When Winston Churchill said that the Labour Party should refrain from giving Adolf Hitler the impression that Britain was divided, Bevan rejected this as sinister: ; Aneurin Bevan: By March 1938, Bevan was writing in Tribune that Churchill's warnings about German intentions for Czechoslovakia were "a diapason of majestic harmony" compared to Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain's "thin, listless trickle".[40] Bevan now called unsuccessfully for a Popular Front against fascism under the leadership of the Labour Party, including even anti-fascist Tories.[40] When the government introduced voluntary national service in December 1938, Bevan argued that Labour should demand the nationalisation of the armaments industry, support the  democratic government of Spain and sign an Anglo-Soviet pact in return for its support. When Labour supported the government's scheme with no such conditions, Bevan denounced Labour for imploring the people on recruiting platforms to put themselves under the leadership of their opponents.[41] The Military Training Act 1939 reintroduced conscription six months later, and Bevan joined the rest of the Labour Party in opposing it, calling it "the complete abandonment of any hope of a successful struggle against the weight of wealth in Great Britain".[42] He emphasised that the government had no arguments to persuade young men to fight "except merely in another squalid attempt to defend themselves against the redistribution of international swag".[42] ; Aneurin Bevan: On the 'appointed day', 5 July 1948, Bevan's National Health Service Act 1946 came into force. On the day, Bevan attended a ceremony at the Park Hospital, Trafford (now Trafford General), at which he symbolically received the keys to the hospital.[64] The scheme was achieved having overcome political opposition from both the Conservative Party and from within his own party. Confrontation with the British Medical Association (BMA) was led by Charles Hill, who published a letter in the British Medical Journal describing Bevan as "a complete and uncontrolled dictator". Members of the BMA had dubbed him the "Tito of Tonypandy".[48][65] They threatened to derail the National Health Service scheme before it had even begun, as medical practitioners continued to withhold their support just months before the launch of the service. After eighteen months of ongoing dispute between the Ministry of Health and the BMA, Bevan finally managed to win over the support of the vast majority of the medical profession by offering a couple of minor concessions, including allowing consultants to keep their own private practices and continuing to allow doctors to be paid in capitation fees rather than salaries,[66] but without compromising the fundamental principles of his National Health Service proposals. At a dinner in late 1955 or early 1956 to celebrate the publication of the Guillebaud Report into NHS costs Bevan remarked to Julian Tudor Hart "ultimately I had to stuff their mouths with gold" about his handling of the consultants. This is often quoted as "I stuffed their mouths with gold".[67][65] Some 2,688 voluntary and municipal hospitals in England and Wales were nationalised and came under Bevan's supervisory control as Health Minister. Two of the key elements of Bevan's proposals were this nationalisation of the hospital services and the abolition of the sale and purchase of goodwill by general practitioners. The former aimed to provide a uniform standard of consultant led care and expertise throughout the country and to replace the patchwork of voluntary and municipal hospitals which existed at that point. The latter – sale and purchase of goodwill – often placed new entrants to the GP profession under large amounts of debt. Along with this, the Medical Practices Committee was to oversee the distribution of GP practices – a proposal which the previous Coalition Minister had withdrawn after opposition from the British Medical Association.
Knowledge1: Benjamin Marc Ramaroson, C.M. (born 25 April 1955 in Manakara) is Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antsiranana in Madagascar.  Benjamin Marc Balthason Ramaroson (born 1955 in Manakara) is a Malagasy clergyman and prelate for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Farafangana, and later Antsiranana. He was appointed bishop in 2005. He moved dioceses in 2013.  Ramaroson was ordained as a priest on 15 August 1984 for the Congregation of the Mission. He was appointed as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Farafangana by Pope Benedict XVI and consecrated in November 2005. As was appointed Archbishop of Antsiranana in November 2013 upon the retirement of Archbishop Michel Melo. MBE [sep] Knowledge2: Benjamin Marc Ramaroson: Benjamin Marc Ramaroson, C.M. (born 25 April 1955 in Manakara) is Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antsiranana in Madagascar. ; Benjamin Marc Ramaroson: This article about a Roman Catholic bishop from Africa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Benjamin Marc Balthason Ramaroson: This article about an individual bishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Benjamin Marc Ramaroson: Benjamin Marc Balthason Ramaroson (Manakara, 25 aprile 1955) è un arcivescovo cattolico malgascio, dal 27 novembre 2013 arcivescovo metropolita di Antsiranana. ; Benjamin Marc Ramaroson: Dopo aver conseguito il baccellierato in matematica, è entrato nell'ordine, dove ha emesso la professione religiosa il 15 ottobre 1980 ed è stato ordinato sacerdote il 15 agosto 1984.
Knowledge1:  the Census Bureau collects its statistics directly from congregations rather than from the officers of corporations." So, "direct comparisons between the bodies as reported at the two censuses are impossible, [...] because of numerous organic changes," according to the United States Census Bureau. Which also stated "a reorganization since the census of 1916 makes it impossible to identify the whole group with any of the bodies formerly presented," in the 1916 data, under the name "Old Catholic Churches"; the reorganized ACC claimed 11 organizations, with a membership of 1,367 with two church edifices. There was one organization reporting a parsonage. [sep] Knowledge2: Growth of religion: Christians of Muslim background communities can be found in Afghanistan,[133][134] Albania,[135][136][137][138][139][140] Algeria,[141][142][143][144][145] Argentina,[146] Australia,[126] Austria,[147][148] Azerbijan,[149][150] Bangladesh,[151][152] Belgium,[126] Bosnia and Herzegovina,[126] Bulgaria,[153] Canada,[126] Denmark,[154][155] Egypt,[126] Ethiopia,[126] Finland,[156][157] France,[126][158] Georgia (Abkhazia),[159] Germany,[160] Greece,[161][162] India (kashmir),[163] Iran,[164][165][166][167][168][169] Iraq,[170] Kazakhstan,[171] Kosovo,[172][173] Kyrgyzstan,[174][175] Lebanon,[176] Malaysia,[177] Morocco,[178][179][180][181][182] the Netherlands,[183][155] Nigeria,[126] Russia,[126] Saudi Arabia,[126] Singapore,[184] Sweden,[185][186] Syria,[187] Tanzania,[126] Tajikistan,[188] Tunisia,[189][190] Turkey,[191][192][193][194] United Kingdom,[195][196] the United States,[197][198] Uzbekistan,[199] and other countries.[126] According to the Council on Foreign Relations in 2007, experts estimated that thousands of Muslims in the Western world converted to Christianity annually, but were not publicized due to fear of retribution.[200]
Knowledge1: Ioan Duma (November 5, 1896 &mdash; July 16, 1981) was a Romanian cleric and a titular bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. Born in Valea Mare, Bacău County, he studied at the Franciscan seminary in Hălăucești and in Rome. Ordained there in 1924, he returned to Romania to serve in the parishes at Săbăoani and Hălăuceşti, also teaching at the seminary in the latter place, and officiating at Franciscan convents in Transylvania in 1944. In 1948, nuncio Gerald Patrick O'Hara consecrated him bishop in secret, without the approval of the new communist authorities. For the next two years, he undertook activities against the regime, and was arrested in 1951 by the Securitate secret police. Sentenced to four years' imprisonment for "spying on behalf of the Vatican", he was   when his term expired in 1955 and forced to live and work as a parish priest first in Iaşi, then in Mihail Kogălniceanu, Constanţa County. In 1957, he was nearly arrested again, an order to the effect having been signed by Interior Minister Alexandru Drăghici. A year later, he was investigated after attending his mother's funeral near his native village, his personal papers confiscated. In 1960, wishing to isolate and watch him more closely, the Securitate sent him to live at Târgu Jiu. In 1971, he was allowed to visit Pope Paul VI in Rome. He was no longer under supervision after 1975, as the Securitate considered the aged and ill prelate no longer posed a threat. He died in Târgu Jiu and was buried in Valea Mare. Anton Coșa ; Ioan Duma [sep] Knowledge2: Ioan Duma: Ioan Duma (n. 5 noiembrie 1896, Valea Mare, județul Bacău – d. 16 iulie 1981, Târgu Jiu) a fost un cleric romano-catolic franciscan minorit, care a fost consacrat în clandestinitate la data de 8 decembrie 1948 ca episcop titular de către pro-nunțiul apostolic Patrick Gerald O`Hara. ; Ioan Duma: Ioan Duma s-a născut la data de 5 noiembrie 1896 în satul Valea Mare din comuna Faraoani (județul Bacău). Studiile primare le-a făcut în localitatea natală. În anul 1914 a intrat ca elev la Seminarul Franciscan de la Hălăucești (județul Iași). În perioada anilor 1914-1916, în timpul primului război mondial, lucrează ca sanitar în cadrul armatei. ; Ioan Duma: La data de 4 octombrie 1919, face profesiunea religioasă la Hălăucești, devenind călugăr franciscan. După primul război mondial și-a continuat studiile de teologie la Roma. A fost hirotonit preot romano-catolic franciscan la data de 22 iunie 1924, la Roma și este repartizat ca preot vicar la parohia Săbăoani din județul Neamț. ; Ioan Duma: La 30 septembrie 1925 preotul Ioan Duma a fost numit vicar parohial la Hălăucești (jud. Iași), fiind în același timp profesor și director la Seminarul Franciscan din Hălăucești. La data de 10 februarie 1928 a fost transferat în calitate de vicar parohial la Galați, devenind după doi ani paroh al Parohiei Romano-Catolice din Galați, rămânând aici până în anul 1949, când a fost arestat. Pr. Ioan Duma a editat revista "Curierul Parohiei Romano-Catolice Galați" și a construit monumentul închinat sfântului Anton de Padova, în partea stângă a intrării în biserică (1934).[2] ; Ioan Duma: Monseniorul Ioan Duma a fost numit de papa Pius al XII-lea episcop titular de Iuliopolis (Giuliopoli), pentru Dieceza de Iași, la 16 noiembrie 1948. A fost consacrat ca episcop la data de 8 decembrie 1948, în capela Nunțiaturii Apostolice din București, de către pro-nunțiul apostolic Patrick Gerald O`Hara. Consacrarea a fost secretă și fără asentimentul guvernului român, de aceea nu a fost recunoscută public și nici nu a figurat în statisticile oficiale.[4]
Knowledge1: Arnaldo Ribeiro (January 7, 1930&ndash;December 15, 2009) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ribeirão Preto, Brazil. Ordained to the priesthood on March 13, 1954, in the Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte, Ribeiro was named auxiliary bishop of the Belo Horizonte Archdiocese on November 6, 1975, and was ordained bishop on December 27, 1975. On December 28, 1988, Ribeiro was named Archbishop of the Ribeirão Preto Archdiocese; he retired on April 5, 2006. Six years after the death of Archbp. Ribeiro, the Archdiocese of Ribeirão Preto formally opened his cause for beatification. His current status in the steps towards sainthood is Servant of God. [sep] Knowledge2: Arnaldo Ribeiro: Arnaldo Ribeiro, auch Dom Arnaldo, (* 7. Januar 1930 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brasilien; † 15. Dezember 2009 ebenda) war ein brasilianischer Geistlicher und römisch-katholischer Erzbischof von Ribeirão Preto. ; Arnaldo Ribeiro: Arnaldo Ribeiro, ältestes von sieben Kindern, studierte Philosophie in Belo Horizonte. Ab 1948 lebte er am Colégio Pio Brasileiro in Rom und studierte Theologie an der Päpstlichen Universität Gregoriana. Er empfing am 13. März 1954 das Sakrament der Priesterweihe in der Laterankirche. Anschließend war er Krankenhausseelsorger in Vera Cruz, später Rektor der Priesterseminare in Vera Cruz und Belo Horizonte. ; Arnaldo Ribeiro: Am 6. November 1975 ernannte ihn Papst Paul VI. zum Titularbischof von Sicilibba und bestellte ihn zum Weihbischof im Erzbistum Belo Horizonte. Die Bischofsweihe spendete ihm am 27. Dezember desselben Jahres in der Kathedrale Unserer Lieben Frau von den Schmerzen in Belo Horizonte der Erzbischof von Belo Horizonte, João Resende Costa SDB; Mitkonsekratoren waren José Ivo Lorscheiter, Bischof von Santa Maria, und Serafím Fernandes de Araújo, Koadjutorerzbischof in Belo Horizonte und späterer Kardinal. Von 1976 bis 1989 war er zudem Generalvikar der Erzdiözese Belo Horizonte. Er war Koordinator des Besuchs von Papst Johannes Paul II. im Jahre 1980. Von 1987 bis 1989 war er Vorsitzender der Region Ost II der brasilianischen Bischofskonferenz (CNBB) und Mitglied des Ständigen Rates der CNBB verantwortlich für die Jugendpastoral. Er war Mitglied der bischöflichen Kommission für die Übersetzung der liturgischen Bücher der CNBB. ; Arnaldo Ribeiro: Am 28. Dezember 1988 ernannte ihn Papst Johannes Paul II. zum Erzbischof von Ribeirão Preto. An der Verabschiedung im Stadion Ginásio da Cava do Bosque in Belo Horizonte nahmen über 10.000 Gläubige teil. Am 5. April 2006 nahm Papst Benedikt XVI. sein altersbedingtes Rücktrittsgesuch an. ; Arnaldo Ribeiro: Er starb an den Folgen von multiplem Organversagen im Hospital Madre Teresa in Belo Horizonte und wurde in der Kathedrale São Sebastião in Ribeirão Preto beigesetzt.
Knowledge1:  Sachs (Warsaw, 1927), Polish, naturalized French economist ; Ignacy Schwarzbart (1888–1961), prominent Polish Zionist ; Ignacy Szymański (1806–1874), Polish and American soldier ; Ignacy Tłoczyński (1911–2000), Polish tennis player ; Ignacy Tokarczuk (born 1918), Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church ; Ignacy Witczak, GRU Illegal officer in the United States during World War II ; Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz (1885–1939), Polish playwright, novelist, painter, photographer and philosopher ; Adam Ignacy Zabellewicz (1784–1831), professor of philosophy at Warsaw University ; Ignacy Zaborowski (1754–1803), Polish mathematician and geodesist ; Ignacy Żagiell (1826–1891), physician, traveler and Polish-language writer ; Ignacy Wyssogota Zakrzewski (1745–1802), notable Polish nobleman and politician during the last years of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth Ignacy may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Ignacy Tokarczuk: 1 lutego 1918 Łubianki Wyższe ; Ignacy Tokarczuk: 29 grudnia 2012 Przemyśl ; Ignacy Tokarczuk: 1966–1993 (od 1992 arcybiskup metropolita) ; Ignacy Tokarczuk: 21 czerwca 1942 ; Ignacy Tokarczuk: 3 grudnia 1965
Knowledge1: Notes [sep] Knowledge2: John Leonard Orr: Among those who covered the trial was award-winning journalist Frank Girardot, who would later collaborate with Orr's daughter Lori on a book about the case.[23] After much deliberation, a federal jury in Fresno convicted Orr on July 31, 1992 of three counts of arson, while acquitting him on two other counts. Federal Judge Oliver Wanger sentenced Orr to 30 years in prison.[24] Orr maintains his innocence, notwithstanding his subsequent guilty plea on March 24, 1993, to three more counts of arson in Los Angeles after reaching a plea agreement that saw him paroled from federal prison in 2002. He took the plea deal when it became apparent that he could not afford to mount a defense and stood little chance at trial.[25] ; John Leonard Orr: Forensic Files season S9.E21 centers around Orr.[39] ; John Leonard Orr: Criminalia podcast episode: "Firefighter Firebugs" centers around Orr.[40] ; John Boyd Orr: Along with Albert Einstein, Orr was one of the sponsors of the Peoples' World Convention (PWC), also known as Peoples' World Constituent Assembly (PWCA), which took place in 1950-51 at Palais Electoral, Geneva, Switzerland.[36][37] He was also one of the signatories of the agreement to convene a convention for drafting a world constitution.[38][39] As a result, for the first time in human history, a World Constituent Assembly convened to draft and adopt the Constitution for the Federation of Earth.[40] ; John Orr: John or Johnny Orr may refer to:
Knowledge1:  He was born Vito Coscia in Brooklyn, New York, in 1922 and baptized at the Church of Our Lady, Help of Christians, on Staten Island. He attended Public School 104 in the Fort Hamilton section of Brooklyn for his elementary education (1928-1935) and then Immaculata High School in Manhattan (1935-1939). After graduation, he enrolled at St. Francis College in Brooklyn. Coscia then felt called to enter the Franciscans. He was admitted as a candidate for Holy Name Province, based in New York City, and entered St. Joseph Seraphic Seminary in Callicoon, New York, where he was admitted to the novitiate and given the religious name of Dominic Coscia. He made his initial profession of religious vows on December 8, 1943. He was then sent to complete his college studies at St. Bonaventure College (1943-1945), followed by seminary studies at Holy Name College in Washington, D.C. (1945-1949). During this same period, he earned a Master's degree in Latin American history (1945-1948). He was ordained to the priesthood on November 6, 1949. took place at the Basilica of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Brooklyn on September 21, 1961. Returning to Brazil, he spent his career as bishop building up church institutions to serve a population scattered throughout the region, both Brazilian farmers and the indigenous population. He worked hard in the social arena, especially health care, personally driving a health van mobile unit himself to the rural zones of his diocese, as well as supervising the establishment and operation of orphanages and daycare centers. During this time, he attended all four sessions of the Second Vatican Council. Coscia retired as bishop [sep] Knowledge2: Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia: Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia OFM (* 10. August 1922 in Brooklyn, New York; † 30. April 2008 in Goiânia, Goiás, Brasilien) war ein US-amerikanischer Ordensgeistlicher und römisch-katholischer Bischof von Jataí in Brasilien. ; Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia: Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia studierte nach seinem Highschool-Abschluss am St. Francis College in Brooklyn von 1943 bis 1945 Philosophie am St. Bonaventure College in Olean, New York, und von 1945 bis 1949 Theologie am Holy Name College in Washington, D.C. Parallel absolvierte er von 1945 bis 1948 ein Masterstudium in Lateinamerikanischer Geschichte. ; Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia: Er trat 1943 der Ordensgemeinschaft der Franziskaner bei und empfing am 11. Juni 1949 das Sakrament der Priesterweihe in Washington, D.C. Von 1950 bis 1957 war er als Vikar im brasilianischen Anápolis tätig, anschließend als Priester und Regens am dortigen Priesterseminar. Von 1957 bis 1961 war er Lehrer in Pires do Rio. ; Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia: am 8. Juni 1961 ernannte ihn Papst Johannes XXIII. zum Bischof von Jataí. Die Bischofsweihe spendete ihm der Bischof von Brooklyn, Bryan Joseph McEntegart, am 21. September desselben Jahres in Brooklyn; Mitkonsekratoren waren Tomás Roberto Manning, Bischof von Coroico, und Eustace John Smith, Apostolischer Vikar von Beirut. Sein bischöflicher Wahlspruch war „Pax et Bonum“. ; Benedito Domingos Vito Coscia: Coscia wurde mit einem Legum Doctor (LL.D.) (Doktor der Rechte) des St. Francis College, Brooklyn, sowie der St. Bonaventure University in Olean, New York, geehrt.
Knowledge1:  Georgetown broke onto the national stage in 2012, the most successful season to date in program history. The Hoyas went 19-4-3 with a mark of 6-2-0 in the Big East Conference. The squad was the third overall seed in the NCAA Tournament and the 19 wins were the most in program history. The Hoyas were the Big East Blue Division Champions, the Big East Championship runners-up and advanced to the national championship game in penalty kicks in a game against the University of Maryland. The Hoyas were runners-up to Indiana in the 2012 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship. Brian Wiese was selected as National Coach of the Year. [sep] Knowledge2: 2012 Georgetown Hoyas men's soccer team: The 2012 Georgetown Hoyas men's soccer team represented Georgetown University during the 2012 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. The team participated in the Big East Conference, and reached the 2012 NCAA Championship, losing to Indiana in the process.
Knowledge1: Armand Raymond (January 12, 1913 – January 22, 1993) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 22 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens. He was born, and died in Montreal, Quebec. [sep] Knowledge2: Armand Raymond: Armand Raymond (January 12, 1913 – January 22, 1993) was an American professional ice hockey defenseman who played 22 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens during the 1937–38 and 1939–40 seasons. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1931 to 1942, was spent in the minor leagues. ; Armand Raymond: This biographical article relating to an American ice hockey defenseman is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  Armand Raymond : Armand Raymond (born January 12, 1913) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 22 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. ;  Armand Raymond : He played junior hockey for the Montreal St Francois from 1931 to 1934 and played senior hockey for the Montreal St Francois Xavier in 1933-34. In 1935-36 Raymond, who was also worked for the Quebec Provincial Police, played for the Atlantic City Sea Gulls and then moved to the senior Montreal Canadiens in 1936-37 and the Montreal Concordia Civics in 1937-38. ;  Armand Raymond : The 200 lb. defenceman caught the eye of the NHL Montreal Canadiens and was signed as a free agent in February, 1938. He finished the season for the Canadiens, playing in 11 regular season games (scoring 2 assists) and in 2 playoff games (going scoreless).
Knowledge1:  Born in São Paulo, Luan graduated from Portuguesa's youth setup, and made his first-team debut on 13 February 2013, coming on as a late substitute in a 2–0 win at São José, for the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 championship. On 8 August, Luan was definitely promoted to the main squad in Série A. However, he failed to appear during the rest of the year. On 26 April 2014 Luan made his league debut for Lusa, playing the last 19 minutes of a 1–1 home draw against Santa Cruz, for the Série B championship. He scored his first professional goal on 8 November, netting the game's only through a header in a 1–0 home win over Luverdense, as his side were already relegated [sep] Knowledge2: Luan Viana: On 6 September 2018 Luan Viana signed a longterm contract with the Bulgarian 26 times champions Levski Sofia [6] After failing to make it into the first team in the first half of the season, in January 2019 he was sent on loan to the Second League leaders Tsarsko Selo.[7] He scored 2 goals in a friendly match against the Macedonian team FK Belasica played on 5 February.[8] After spending first 3 matches from the league on the bench, Luan made his debut for the team in the league match against Chernomorets Balchik and scored a goal for the 3:1 win.[9]
Knowledge1: Alain Rakotondramanana (born April 16, 1970) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot. [sep] Knowledge2: Alain Rakotondramanana: Alain Rakotondramanana (born 16 April 1970) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot. ; Alain Rakotondramanana: This biographical article related to Malagasy association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Alain Rakotondramanana: Alain Rakotondramanana (born 16 April 1970) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot.; Alain Rakotondramanana: Oops something went wrong: ;  Alain Rakotondramanana : Alain Rakotondramanana (born April 16, 1970) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for USCA Foot.
Knowledge1: Radik Zhaparov (born February 29, 1984) is a Kazakh ski jumper who has competed since 2003. At the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, he finished 11th in the team large hill and 26th in the individual normal hill events. At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, Zhaparov has finished 11th in team events three times (2005: large, normal; 2007: large) and 24th in the individual normal hill (2007) events. Zharparov's best individual World Cup finish was 11th in a large hill event in Finland in 2007. His best individual career finish was second in an FIS Cup normal hill event in Austria, also in 2007. [sep] Knowledge2: Radik Zhaparov: Cet article est une ébauche concernant le saut à ski et une personnalité kazakhe. ; Radik Zhaparov: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants. ; Radik Zhaparov: modifier - modifier le code - modifier Wikidata; Radik Zhaparov: Radik Zhaparov (né le 29 février 1984 à Ridder) est un sauteur à ski kazakh. ; Radik Zhaparov: Il débute en Coupe du monde en novembre 2003 à Kuusamo. Il obtient son meilleur résultat en mars 2007 en terminant 11e du concours de Kuopio. Il participe aux Jeux olympiques d'hiver de 2006 et à sept championnats du monde.
Knowledge1: Lee Yong-dae  Lee Yong-dae (Hangul: 이용대; Hanja: 李龍大; ; born 11 September 1988) is a professional badminton player from South Korea who had been successful in both men's and mixed doubles. He reached world number 1 ranking with 4 different partners, Jung Jae-sung, Ko Sung-hyun and Yoo Yeon-seong in men's doubles, and Lee Hyo-jung in mixed doubles. He won a total of 43 Superseries titles, 37 in the men's doubles, the most of any doubles player in one discipline, and 6 in mixed doubles. He was ranked world number 1 in men's doubles for 117 consecutive weeks with his last partner, Yoo Yeon-seong.  After winning the 2016 Korean Superseries with Yoo, Lee announced his retirement from international badminton. He made a comeback to the international stage at the end of 2017, and started a new partnership with Kim Gi-jung in 2018. Section::::Early life. Lee started playing badminton at his local elementary school at the age of 8, taking up the sport to lose weight. When he first began competing internationally, in 2003, he was a member of the Hwasun Middle School team, then he was with Hwasun Vocational High School until the end of his junior days in 2006, before joining the Samsung Electromechanics team in 2006. He joined the national badminton team of South Korea in 2003, at the age of 15 years. [sep] Knowledge2: Category:2006 in badminton: This category has the following 4 subcategories, out of 4 total.
Knowledge1:  Kim Sol-mi (김솔미; born November 20, 1990) is a North Korean judoka. She won gold at the 2011 World Military Judo Championship. At the 2013 World Judo Championships, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, she finished fifth. She took bronze at the 2014 Grand Slam in Abu Dhabi, UAE. That year, she also took the bronze at the Grand Prix in Qingdao, China. She took the bronze at the 2015 Asian Judo Championships in Kuwait. At the 2016 Asian Judo Championships in Tashkent, Uzbekistan she finished third. She competed in the women's (48 kg) judo event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where she did not advance past her first match. [sep] Knowledge2: Sol Kyung-gu: In 2005, Sol starred in the sequel Another Public Enemy, which ended up outgrossing the original.[19] This was followed by a second sequel, Public Enemy Returns in 2008. His other films Haeundae (2009), The Tower (2012) and Cold Eyes (2013) have also been box office hits.[20][21][22][23][24][25] For his performance in Haeundae, he won Grand Prize at the 2009 Korean Culture and Entertainment Awards, followed by Best Actor award at the 18th Chunsa Film Art Awards for his performance in 2010 film No Mercy.
Knowledge1: 2006–07 Primera B Nacional  The 2006–07 Argentine Primera B Nacional was the 21st season of second division professional of football in Argentina. A total of 20 teams competed; the champion and runner-up were promoted to Argentine Primera División. [sep] Knowledge2: 2006–07 Primera B Nacional: The 2006–07 Argentine Primera B Nacional was the 21st season of second division professional of football in Argentina. A total of 20 teams competed; the champion and runner-up were promoted to Argentine Primera División. ; 2006–07 Primera B Nacional: This leg was played between the Apertura and the Clausura winner, but  as Olimpo won both tournaments, was declared champion and was automatically promoted to 2007–08 Primera División, so the match was played between the best teams placed in the overall standings under Olimpo, San Martín (SJ) and Huracán. The winning team was promoted to 2007–08 Primera División and the losing team played the Promotion Playoff Primera División-Primera B Nacional. ; 2006–07 Primera B Nacional: Note: San Martín de San Juan won 3–2 on aggregate, promoting to Primera División. ; 2006–07 Primera B Nacional: It was played by the teams placed 4th, 5th 6th and 7th in the Overall Standings: Atlético de Rafaela (4th), Tigre (5th), Chacarita Juniors (6th) and Platense (7th). The winning team played the Promotion Playoff Primera División-Primera B Nacional.  ; 2006–07 Primera B Nacional: 1: Qualified because of sport advantage.
Knowledge1:  Born in Paderborn, Kutowski joined Borussia Dortmund in 1984 at the age of 19, arriving from local amateurs 1. FC Paderborn. He made his Bundesliga debut on 2 March 1985 in a 1–1 home draw against Bayern Munich, and finished his first season with 16 complete matches as the club ranked in 14th position and avoided relegation by just one point. In eight of the following 11 years, Kutowski was an automatic first-choice for the Black and Yellow, scoring his first goal in the top division on 10 August 1985 in a 1–1 draw at 1. FC Saarbrucken. In the 1992–93 campaign he appeared in 40 official games, including eight in the team's runner-up run in the UEFA Cup. Kutowski left Borussia in 1996, joining lower league side TuS Paderborn-Neuhaus. His last stop as a professional came in 1996–97, as he played a few matches with Rot-Weiss Essen who ultimately suffered relegation from the 2. Bundesliga; he retired altogether at 36, and subsequently became a player's agent. [sep] Knowledge2: List of Borussia Dortmund players: The following is a list of the players with the most first team appearances and goals for the club. This consists of appearances and goals in the Bundesliga, 2. Bundesliga North, Regionalliga West, DFB-Pokal, DFL-Ligapokal, DFL-Supercup, European Cup / UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup / UEFA Europa League, UEFA Super Cup, UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, Intercontinental Cup, Oberliga West and the finals of the German football championship.
Knowledge1: The 1994 Swedish Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Båstad, Sweden that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. It was the 47th edition of the tournament and was held from 4 July until 11 July 1994. Unseeded Bernd Karbacher won the singles title. [sep] Knowledge2: 1994 Swedish Open: The 1994 Swedish Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Båstad, Sweden that was part of the World Series of the 1994 ATP Tour. It was the 47th edition of the tournament and was held from 4 July until 11 July 1994. Unseeded Bernd Karbacher won the singles title.[3] ; 1994 Swedish Open:  Bernd Karbacher defeated  Horst Skoff, 6–4, 6–3 ; 1994 Swedish Open:  Jan Apell /  Jonas Björkman defeated  Nicklas Kulti /  Mikael Tillström, 6–2, 6–3
Knowledge1: Najeh Humoud  (Arabic: ناجح حمود حريب) is a former football coach of Najaf FC and Iraq. He played in midfield for Kufa FC in the 1970s, and the Najaf province team but never managed to play in the Iraqi first division. He began his coaching career with Najaf FC in 1987, and helped the club to their first ever cup in 1998 as his team beat Al-Shorta 4-0 at the Al Shaab Stadium to lift the Umm Al-Maarak Cup. He went on to manage the Iraqi youth team in 1998 and worked as Zoran Smileski's assistant at the 1998 Asian Youth Championship. Najeh then coached the Iraq national football team in 1999. He was Vice-President of the Iraq Football Association from 2004-2011 and the president of the Iraq Football Association from 2011 to 2014. Aside from football, Najih was also the director of the Kufa Cement Factory. [sep] Knowledge2: Najeh Humoud:  Najeh Humoud  (Arabic: ناجح حمود حريب) is a former football coach of Najaf FC and Iraq.[1] ; Najeh Humoud: He played in midfield for Kufa FC in the 1970s, and the Najaf province team but never managed to play in the Iraqi first division. He began his coaching career with Najaf FC in 1987, and helped the club to their first ever cup in 1998 as his team beat Al-Shorta 4-0 at the Al Shaab Stadium to lift the Umm Al-Maarak Cup. ; Najeh Humoud: He went on to manage the Iraqi youth team in 1998 and worked as Zoran Smileski's assistant at the 1998 Asian Youth Championship. ; Najeh Humoud: Najeh then coached the Iraq national football team in 1999. He was Vice-President of the Iraq Football Association from 2004-2011 and the president of the Iraq Football Association from 2011 to 2014. Aside from football, Najih was also the director of the Kufa Cement Factory. ; Najeh Humoud: This biographical article related to Iraqi association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Andy Roddick  Andrew Stephen Roddick (born 30 August 1982) is an American former world No. 1 tennis player. He is a major champion, having won the 2003 US Open. Roddick reached four other major finals (Wimbledon in 2004, 2005, and 2009, and the US Open in 2006), losing to rival Roger Federer each time. Roddick was ranked in the year-end top 10 for nine consecutive years (2002–2010) and won five Masters titles in that period. He was also a crucial player in the U.S. Davis Cup team's successful run to the title in 2007. As of 2023, he is the most recent North American man to win a singles major (2003 US Open), the most recent to hold the world No. 1 ranking, and the most recent to claim the year-end world No. 1 ranking (which he achieved in 2003). Roddick retired from professional tennis following the 2012 US Open to focus on his work at the Andy Roddick Foundation. In retirement, Roddick played for the Austin Aces in World Team Tennis in 2015. He was also the 2015 and 2017 champion of the QQQ Champions Series. In 2017, Roddick was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame. He is married to Brooklyn Decker, a swimwear model and actress. [sep] Knowledge2: 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic: The 2004 Legg Mason Tenis Classic was the 36th edition of this tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts.  The tournament was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. It was held at the William H.G. FitzGerald Tennis Center in Washington, D.C. from August 16 through August 22, 2004. ; 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic:  Lleyton Hewitt defeated  Gilles Müller, 6–3, 6–4 ; 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic:  Chris Haggard /  Robbie Koenig defeated  Travis Parrott /  Dmitry Tursunov 7–6(7–3), 6–1 ; 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Singles: Lleyton Hewitt won in the final 6–3, 6–4 against Gilles Müller. ; 2004 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Doubles: Yevgeny Kafelnikov and Sargis Sargsian were the defending champions, but did not compete this year, with Kafelnikov retired at the end of the 2003 season.
Knowledge1:  He started playing football for his home town club Newell's Old Boys. He transferred to then La Liga club Cádiz CF in January 2006. He endured a rather unsuccessful spell in Spain with Cádiz relegated after the 2005–06 season. They were then unable to bounce back the following season (finishing 5th), and with the club looking to miss promotion again half-way through the 2007–08 season, Vella returned to Argentina with Vélez Sársfield for the start of the 2008 Clausura championship. On 10 June 2010 Newell's Old Boys loaned the 29-year-old right wingback from Club Atlético Independiente. [sep] Knowledge2: Luciano Vella: Luciano Germán Vella (born April 13, 1981) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a right-back. ; Luciano Vella: He started playing football for his home town club Newell's Old Boys. He transferred to then La Liga club Cádiz CF in January 2006. He endured a rather unsuccessful spell in Spain with Cádiz relegated after the 2005–06 season. They were then unable to bounce back the following season (finishing 5th), and with the club looking to miss promotion again half-way through the 2007–08 season, Vella returned to Argentina with Vélez Sársfield for the start of the 2008 Clausura championship. On 10 June 2010 Newell's Old Boys loaned the 29-year-old right wingback from Club Atlético Independiente. ; Luciano Vella: This biographical article related to association football in Argentina, about a defender born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Luciano Vella: Luciano Germán Vella (born April 13, 1981) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a right-back.; Luciano Vella: Luciano Germán Vella (Rosario, Provincia de Santa Fe, Argentina; 13 de abril de 1981) es un exfutbolista argentino. Jugaba como lateral por derecha y su primer equipo fue Newell's Old Boys. Su último club antes de retirarse fue Arsenal de Sarandí. Es hermano menor del también exfutbolista Cristian Vella.
Knowledge1:  See 1988-89 FA Cup for details of the rounds from the First Round Proper onwards. [sep] Knowledge2: 1988–89 FA Cup qualifying rounds: The teams that given byes to this round are Newport County, Runcorn, Kidderminster Harriers, Sutton United, Macclesfield Town, Altrincham, Welling United, Aylesbury United, Chorley, Yeovil Town, Dagenham, Bognor Regis Town, Farnborough Town, Whitby Town, Chelmsford City, Slough Town, V S Rugby, Caernarfon Town, Burton Albion and Halesowen Town.
Knowledge1: José Martínez Morote (born 5 February 1984 in Hellín, Albacete) is a Paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T20 track and field events. He has an intellectual disability, attended school in Cruz de Mayo and serves as a mentor to local track and field athletes. While he originally started sport playing football, he switched to athletics by the age of 16 at the suggestion of a teacher who noticed his speed with the ball. He has gone on to compete at the 2007 World Games, the 2011 IPC World Athletics Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand and the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Martínez has held at least two athletics scholarships to continue his participation in the sport. [sep] Knowledge2: Javi Martínez: Martínez started the 2018–19 season by winning the German Super Cup as Bayern defeated Eintracht Frankfurt with a 5–0 victory.[43] On 19 January 2019, following a 3–1 win over Hoffenheim, he reached 100 Bundesliga wins with Bayern Munich in his 120th appearance for the club, breaking the record previously held by Arjen Robben, who took 126 matches.[44]
Knowledge1: Laurier was born in Créteil (Val-de-Marne). He made his debut for Coeuilly, which became Stade de Reims. At the champenois club, he played alongside big names such as Raymond Kopa and Lucien Muller. He played his first match in the championship alongside professionals on 17 October 1965. He took part in the return of the club to the top-flight in 1970. Two years later, he was signed by Paris Football Club, who had returned to Division 1. However, the Parisian club were relegated again two years later. Alain Laurier then joined Angers, without further success. He spent two seasons with the club in Division 2. In 1976, he began his conversion to management. He became manager (DEPF), while continuing as a player at Le Mans. He continued as a player-manager at Caen, stopping as a player in his last season at the Normandy club. He then coached Poissy, Grenoble, Istres, Dijon as well as foreign clubs in Dubai and China. From 2002 to 2004, he was technical director of the Qatar team.  Alain Laurier (born 12 September 1944) is a former French footballer turned manager- Alain Laurier  Alain Laurier () (born 12 September 1944) is a former French footballer turned manager- [sep] Knowledge2: Alain Laurier: Alain Laurier (French pronunciation: [alɛ̃ loʁje]) (12 September 1944 – December 2023) was a French football manager and player. ; Alain Laurier: Laurier was born in Créteil (Val-de-Marne). He made his debut for Cœuilly, which became Reims. At the Champigny club, he played alongside big names such as Raymond Kopa and Lucien Muller. He played his first match in the championship alongside professionals on 17 October 1965. He took part in the return of the club to the top-flight in 1970. Two years later, he was signed by Paris FC, who had returned to Division 1. However, the Parisian club were relegated again two years later. Laurier then joined Angers, without further success. He spent two seasons with the club in Division 2. ; Alain Laurier: In 1976, Laurier began his conversion to management. He became manager (DEPF), while continuing as a player at Le Mans. He continued as a player-manager at Caen, retiring as a player in his last season at the Normandy club. He then coached Poissy, Grenoble, Istres and Dijon,[1] as well as clubs in Dubai and China. From 2002 to 2004, he was technical director of the Qatar national team. ; Alain Laurier: Laurier died in December 2023, at the age of 79.[2] ; Alain Laurier: Pour les articles homonymes, voir Laurier.
Knowledge1: Ron Borges  Ron Borges is an American sportswriter for the Talk of Fame Network. He has previously written for "The Boston Globe", the "Boston Herald" and was a regular guest on "The Mike Felger Show", which aired on 890 ESPN radio until July 2008. Borges also was a regular contributor to the HBO.com's Boxing website until 2008. Borges also writes for "The Sweet Science", a boxing website. [sep] Knowledge2: David González: Nome Completo: Francisco David González Borges
Knowledge1: The '''1989–90 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga season''' was the 21st season of the 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga, the second level of ice hockey in Czechoslovakia alongside the 1. Česká národní hokejová liga. 12 teams participated in the league, and Slovan ChZJD Bratislava won the championship and were promoted to the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League. Plastika Nitra was also promoted. [sep] Knowledge2: 1989–90 1. Slovenská národná hokejová liga season: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1:  The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1923. [sep] Knowledge2: 1923 in Brazilian football: The following article presents a summary of the 1923 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 22nd season of competitive football in the country. ; 1923 in Brazilian football: Final Stage ; 1923 in Brazilian football: Corinthians declared as the Campeonato Paulista champions. ; 1923 in Brazilian football: The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1923. ; Category:1923 in Brazilian sport: This category has only the following subcategory.
Knowledge1: Ye Zhibin (born October 3, 1971) is a Chinese assistant coach and a former professional football player. As a player, he spent his career playing for Guangzhou Songri and Guangzhou Apollo before moving into management where he spent several years with Guangzhou Pharmaceutical in numerous coaching positions before moving on to become an assistant coach at Guangdong Sunray Cave.  Ye Zhibin would play for his local second tier football club Guangzhou Songri and was part of the squad that won promotion to the top tier at the end of the 1995 league season when the club came second within the division. His time in the top tier was short lived and by the end of the 1996 league season the club finished bottom of the league and received subsequent relegation at the end of the season. When the club were unable to win immediate promotion back into the top tier the following season, Ye Zhibin was allowed to leave to join local rivals and  Ye Zhibin  Ye Zhibin (; born October 3, 1971) is a Chinese assistant coach and a former professional football player. As a player, he spent his career playing for Guangzhou Songri and Guangzhou Apollo before moving into management where he spent several years with Guangzhou Pharmaceutical in numerous coaching positions before moving on to become an assistant coach at Guangdong Sunray Cave. [sep] Knowledge2: Ye Zhibin: Ye Zhibin (Chinese: 叶志彬; born October 3, 1971) is a Chinese assistant coach and a former professional football player. As a player, he spent his career playing for Guangzhou Songri and Guangzhou Apollo before moving into management where he spent several years with Guangzhou Pharmaceutical in numerous coaching positions before moving on to become an assistant coach at Guangdong Sunray Cave. ; Ye Zhibin: Ye Zhibin would play for his local second-tier football club Guangzhou Songri and was part of the squad that won promotion to the top tier at the end of the 1995 league season when the club came second within the division.[1] His time in the top tier was short lived and by the end of the 1996 league season the club finished bottom of the league and received subsequent relegation at the end of the season.[2] When the club were unable to win immediate promotion back into the top tier the following season, Ye Zhibin was allowed to leave to join local rivals and top-tier club Guangzhou Apollo at the beginning of the 1998 league season. In his short time at the club Ye quickly gained a reputation as tough tackling midfielder when on May 10, 1998, in a game against Shanghai Shenhua, Ye would fracture of the left leg of Claudio Lucio de Camargo, Moura and end the players career within China.[3] By the end of the 1998 league season Guangzhou Apollo would finish bottom of the league and were relegated to the second tier.[4] Li would remain faithful to the club and stayed with them until he retired at the end of the 2003 league season.
Knowledge1: Matteo Pivotto (born September 5, 1974 in Montecchio Maggiore) is an Italian professional football player. He spent 6 seasons (70 games, 2 goals) in the Serie A for A.S. Roma, U.S. Lecce and Modena F.C. [sep] Knowledge2: Matteo Pivotto: Matteo Pivotto (born September 5, 1974 in Montecchio Maggiore) is an Italian professional football player. ; Matteo Pivotto: He spent 6 seasons (70 games, 2 goals) in the Serie A for A.S. Roma, U.S. Lecce and Modena F.C. ; Matteo Pivotto: This biographical article related to association football in Italy, about a defender born in the 1970s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Matteo Pivotto: Matteo Pivotto (Montecchio Maggiore, 5 settembre 1974) è un ex calciatore italiano, di ruolo difensore. ; Matteo Pivotto: In carriera ha collezionato complessivamente 70 presenze e 2 reti in Serie A e 156 presenze e 3 reti in Serie B.
Knowledge1: Joel Embiid  Joel Hans Embiid ( ; born 16 March 1994) is a Cameroonian professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA), who also holds French and American citizenship. After one year of college basketball with the Kansas Jayhawks, he was drafted third overall by the 76ers in the 2014 NBA draft. Multiple foot and knee injuries delayed his debut for two seasons until 2016–17, when he was named to the NBA All-Rookie First Team despite playing only 31 games. Embiid is a five-time NBA All-Star, a four-time member of the All-NBA Team and a three-time member of the All-Defensive Team. He has nicknamed himself "the Process" in response to a refrain from 76ers fans during the Sam Hinkie era to "trust the process". Embiid led the NBA in scoring during the 2021–22 season, becoming the first center and seven footer since Shaquille O'Neal (2000), and was also the first center since Moses Malone (1982) to average over 30 points per game, while also being the first foreign player to lead the NBA in scoring. [sep] Knowledge2: Imbi Hoop: Imbi Hoop (born 15 December 1988) is an Estonian football player who plays as a goalkeeper. She represented the Estonia national team from 2010 to 2016. ; Imbi Hoop: This biographical article related to women's association football in Estonia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Gerd Schwidrowski (born 19 September 1947 in Rendsburg) is a former professional German footballer. Schwidrowski made a total of 9 appearances in the Fußball-Bundesliga for Tennis Borussia Berlin during his playing career. [sep] Knowledge2: Gerd Schwidrowski: Gerd Schwidrowski (born 19 September 1947 in Rendsburg) is a former professional German footballer. ; Gerd Schwidrowski: Schwidrowski made a total of 9 appearances in the Fußball-Bundesliga for Tennis Borussia Berlin during his playing career. ; Gerd Schwidrowski: This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a midfielder born in the 1940s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Gerd Schwidrowski: Gerd Schwidrowski (* 19. September 1947) ist ein ehemaliger deutscher Fußballspieler. ; Gerd Schwidrowski: Schwidrowski begann seine Karriere beim Rendsburger TSV, von dort wechselte er 1969 zum MSV Duisburg. Nach einer Spielzeit ging er zu Tennis Borussia Berlin. Mit TeBe spielte er eine überragende Saison 1973/74. Der Ligaalltag wurde dominiert und die die Meisterschaft mit 63:3 Punkten, mit 16 Punkten Vorsprung auf Wacker 04 Berlin gewonnen. In der anschließenden Aufstiegsrunde setzte sich das Team aus Berlin gegen den FC Augsburg, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, Borussia Neunkirchen und den FC St. Pauli durch. Schwidrowski startete in der Saison 1974/75 in der Bundesliga. Schwidrowski absolvierte sieben Spiele und erzielt ein Tor, gegen Mitabsteiger VfB Stuttgart. Die anschließende Zweitligasaison wurde erfolgreich absolviert, er steuerte zwei Spiele in der Nordstaffel zur Erringung, der Meisterschaft und dem sofortigen Wiederaufstieg bei. In der folgenden Bundesligasaison absolvierte Schwidrowski zwei weitere Spiele, er konnte den sofortigen Wiederabstieg nicht verhindern.
Knowledge1: Sesil Karatantcheva  Sesil Radoslavova Karatantcheva (; born 8 August 1989) is a Bulgarian former tennis player.  In her career, she won nine singles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit. On 7 November 2005, she reached her best singles ranking of world No. 35. On 19 April 2010, she peaked at No. 154 in the doubles rankings.  Karatantcheva is perhaps best known for reaching the quarterfinals of the 2005 French Open, upsetting seven-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams en route. The same year, she twice tested positive for nandrolone and was therefore issued a two-year suspension. She returned to professional competition in January 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: 2014 Powiat Poznański Open: The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Knowledge1: The 1997 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 1997 postseason baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Turchin Stadium in New Orleans, Louisiana from May 13–18. defeated in the championship game, earning the conference's automatic bid to the 1997 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. With the completion of Houston's move from the Southwest Conference, the conference expanded to 10 teams in baseball. As a result, the tournament's play-in round was expanded to include the 7th–10th seeds, instead of only the 8th and 9th. [sep] Knowledge2: 1997 Conference USA baseball tournament: The 1997 Conference USA baseball tournament was the 1997 postseason baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Turchin Stadium in New Orleans, Louisiana, from May 13 through 18. Houston defeated Charlotte in the championship game, earning the conference's automatic bid to the 1997 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.[2] ; 1997 Conference USA baseball tournament: With the completion of Houston's move from the Southwest Conference, the conference expanded to 10 teams in baseball.[3] As a result, the tournament's play-in round was expanded to include the 7th–10th seeds, instead of only the 8th and 9th.[2]
Knowledge1:  Vasili Nikolayevich Penyasov (Василий Николаевич Пенясов; born 27 July 1987) is a former Russian professional football player. [sep] Knowledge2: Vasili Penyasov: Vasili Nikolayevich Penyasov (Russian: Василий Николаевич Пенясов; born 27 July 1987) is a former Russian professional football player. ; Vasili Penyasov: He played in the Russian Football National League for FC Sodovik Sterlitamak in 2007. ; Vasili Penyasov: This biographical article related to a Russian association football defender born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Bogomolov's father, Alex Sr., was a former Soviet national tennis coach who worked with Larisa Neiland, Yevgeny Kafelnikov, and Andrei Medvedev. Born in Moscow, Russia, the 5' 10" Bogomolov was the no. 1 ranked USTA player for the 18s section in 2000, and had a career-high ranking of world no. 33 on October 31, 2011. In 1998, Bogomolov won the USTA National Boys' 16 Championships, defeating Andy Roddick in the final. He was the first player to be beaten by David Nalbandian in the main draw of a Grand Slam tournament, at the 2001 US Open. In 2005, he was suspended for 1.5 months due to a positive doping [sep] Knowledge2: Andrei Bogomolov: Andrei Bogomolov (born 11 April 1977) is a Kazakhstani football player who plays for FC Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League. ; Andrei Bogomolov: He began his career with FC Yelimay Semey, before moving to FC Zhenis Astana, FC Kairat and FC Aktobe.[1] ; Andrei Bogomolov: Bogomolov has made five appearances for the Kazakhstan national football team. ; Andrei Bogomolov: This biographical article relating to Kazakhstani association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Alex Bogomolov Jr.: Bogomolov beat world no. 83 Bobby Reynolds, 6–2, 4–6, 6–3, in Waco, Texas in September 2008. After having surgery on his left wrist in late 2008,[2] Bogomolov began work at the Gotham Tennis Academy.
Knowledge1:  . [sep] Knowledge2: Roberto Nani: Roberto Nani (born December 14, 1988[1] in Sondalo, Italy[2]) is an Italian former alpine skier. He competed for Italy at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the alpine skiing events. ; Roberto Nani: This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Roberto Nani – Wikipedia: Enzyklopädie; Roberto Nani – Wikipedia: Enzyklopädie; Roberto Nani – Wikipedia: Roberto Nani (Born December 14, 1988 in Sondalo) is a former Italian ski racer. He lives in Livigno and specialized in the technical disciplines slalom and giant slalom. Nani is a sports soldier and belongs to the sports funding group of the Italian army CS Army an.
Knowledge1: Dumitru Hubert (born September 3, 1899, death August 27, 1934 in Braşov) is a Romanian bobsledder and aviator who competed in the 1930s. He won two medals in the two-man event at the FIBT World Championships with a gold in 1933 and a bronze in 1934. At the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, Hubert finished fourth in the two-man event and sixth in the four-man event. [sep] Knowledge2: Dumitru Hubert: Dumitru Hubert (born September 3, 1899, death August 27, 1934 in Braşov) is a Romanian bobsledder and aviator who competed in the 1930s. He won two medals in the two-man event at the FIBT World Championships with a gold in 1933 and a bronze in 1934. ; Dumitru Hubert: At the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, Hubert finished fourth in the two-man event and sixth in the four-man event. ; Dumitru Hubert: This biographical article relating to bobsleigh in Romania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Dumitru Hubert: Dumitru Hubert (n. 3 septembrie 1899, București, România – d. 27 august 1934, Brașov, România) a fost un aviator și bober român, care a concurat în cadrul competițiilor de bob în anii '30 ai secolului al XX-lea. ; Dumitru Hubert: Împreună cu colegul său aviator, Alexandru Papană, Hubert a făcut parte din echipa României ca pilot de bob la Jocurile Olimpice de la Lake Placid (1932), la care a obținut locul 4 în proba de bob - 2 și locul 6 în proba de bob - 4.[1]
Knowledge1:  He played for Edinburgh District in the inter-city match of 1906. He played for the Blues Trial side against the Whites Trial side on 21 January 1911 while still with Edinburgh University. [sep] Knowledge2: James Mackenzie: James (or Jim or Jamie) Mackenzie (or McKenzie) may refer to: ; Jim Mackenzie (American football): # denotes interim head coach ; Jim McKenzie (footballer): Southampton
Knowledge1:  Christophe Ott (born 7 April 1983 in Luxeuil-les-Bains) is a retired French footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the assistant manager of EA Guingamp. Christophe Ott  Christophe Ott (born 7 April 1983 in Luxeuil-les-Bains) is a retired French footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the assistant manager of EA Guingamp. [sep] Knowledge2: Christophe Ott: Christophe Ott  (born 7 April 1983 in Luxeuil-les-Bains) is a retired French footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the assistant manager of EA Guingamp. ; Christophe Ott: A product of Niort's youth football teams, Ott became a professional with the senior side, and made two appearances in the French Ligue 2.[1][2] ; Christophe Ott: In 2010, Ott went on a week-long trial with English League One club Yeovil Town.[citation needed] ; Christophe Ott: From June 2012 to June 2014, Ott worked as a youth coach for AS Poissy's U12 squad and later as a youth goalkeeper coach for Athletic Club de Boulogne-Billancourt from June 2015 to June 2016.[3] ; Christophe Ott: He then accepted to helping Patrice Lair, coaching the goalkeepers of Paris Saint-Germain Féminine. Ott also became a goalkeeping coach, and was appointed assistant to Niort's manager Patrice Lair in July 2018.[1]
Knowledge1: Stephen A. Smith  Stephen Anthony Smith (born ) is an American sports television personality, sports radio host, and sports journalist. He is a commentator on ESPN's "First Take", where he appears with Molly Qerim. He also makes frequent appearances as an NBA analyst on "SportsCenter". Smith also is an NBA analyst for ESPN on "NBA Countdown" and NBA broadcasts on ESPN. He also hosted "The Stephen A. Smith Show" on ESPN Radio. Smith is a featured columnist for ESPNNY.com, ESPN.com, and "The Philadelphia Inquirer". [sep] Knowledge2: Steve Connor: Connor has given lectures at many institutions, including Oxford University, Sandhurst Military Academy, Eton College and Joe Gibbs Racing. ; Steve Connor: Connor lives with his wife in Rockaway Beach Missouri.[4] ; Stephen Connor: Stephen Connor (born 27 January 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Airbus UK Broughton, and has also played for two other Welsh Premier League clubs The New Saints and Bangor City. He played for Partick Thistle whilst on loan from Premier League side Everton. His usual position is on the wing, but he is able to play as a striker to equally good effect. ; Stephen Connor: A diminutive winger, Connor has established himself in the Everton Under 18 side and was a regular in the reserve team. In the summer of 2007, Connor signed for Scottish First Division side Partick Thistle on a six-month loan deal. He made his debut as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Stirling Albion on 4 August. His spell at Partick was blighted by injury. On 15 May 2008 it was announced Everton would not be renewing his contract. ; Stephen Connor: He subsequently moved into the Welsh league system joining The New Saints in January 2009[1] and made his debut for Bangor City in October that year.[2] In August 2012 he joined Airbus UK Broughton.[3]
Knowledge1:  Ladislav Švarc (born 13 November 1978) is a former professional tennis player from Slovakia. Švarc competed in the main singles draw of the 2001 Australian Open, as a qualifier. He lost a four set match to Rainer Schüttler in the opening round. In 2000, Švarc made his Davis Cup debut for Slovakia, when he played with fifth and deciding rubber of their World Group fixture against Austria, which he lost to Markus Hipfl. His only other Davis Cup appearance came in 2002 when he lost to American James Blake, after winning the first set. [sep] Knowledge2: Ladislav Žák: In the 1930s, he participated in designing of Prague's functionalist housing estate known as Baba. Examples of his work in Baba include the interior plans of Spišek House, the terrace addition to Uhlíř House, as well as being the architect for Villa Čeněk, Villa Herain, Villa Hain, and Villa Zaorálek.[3][4] In 1932, he developed the concept of Werkbund houses that contained a bedroom for one person only along with other functional spaces.[5] Žák found design inspiration from ocean liners and airplanes.[6]
Knowledge1:  The following matches took place between the losing nations in the quarter finals to determine the final standings of the nations finishing in fifth to eighth place. The semi finals took place on the same day of the semi finals of the main tournament and the play offs took place on the day of the final. [sep] Knowledge2: 2002 Euro Beach Soccer Cup: The 2002 Euro Beach Soccer Cup was the fourth Euro Beach Soccer Cup, one of Europe's two major beach soccer championships at the time, held in February 2002, in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Portugal won the championship, claiming their second successive title and third overall, with hosts Spain finishing second. France beat Italy in the third place playoff to finish third and fourth respectively. ; 2002 Euro Beach Soccer Cup: Eight teams participated in the tournament who played in a straightforward knockout tournament, starting with the quarterfinals, with extra matches deciding the nations who finished in fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth place.[1] ; 2002 Euro Beach Soccer Cup: The following matches took place between the losing nations in the quarterfinals to determine the final standings of the nations finishing in fifth to eighth place. The semifinals took place on the same day of the semifinals of the main tournament and the playoffs took place on the day of the final.  ; Euro Beach Soccer Cup: Note: Win in Common Time W = 3 Points / Win in Extra Time WE = 2 Points / Win in Penalty shoot-out WP = 1 Point / Lose L = 0 Points
Knowledge1:  older than he was. He also played baseball in the New Westminster Minor Baseball Association and for the North Delta Blue Jays in the B.C. Premier Baseball League. Morneau attended Lord Tweedsmuir Elementary School in New Westminster, later transferring to Richard McBride Elementary School, where his mother was a teacher and coach and where he enrolled in a French immersion program. He played basketball and volleyball and ball hockey on the school teams. Growing up, Morneau was an avid sports fan, whose favourite athletes included hockey players Patrick Roy, Cam Neely (also a native of British Columbia), and Ray Bourque; and baseball [sep] Knowledge2: Sebastián Morquio: Full Name: Sebastián MORQUIO; Sebastián Morquio: Club: Retired; Sebastián Morquio: Hair Colour: Unknown
Knowledge1: Cho Keung-Yeon (, born on March 18, 1961) is a former South Korea football player. he was top scorer of K-League in 1989. [sep] Knowledge2: Cho Keung-yeon: Cho Keung-Yeon (Korean: 조긍연, born on March 18, 1961) is a former South Korea football player. he was top scorer of K-League in 1989. ; Cho Keung-yeon: POSCO Atoms
Knowledge1: Annette Allcock (born 1923), English artist ; Bill Allcock (1907–1971), English footballer ; Daniel Allcock, American mathematician, professor of mathematics at the University of Texas at Austin ; Frank Allcock (1925–2005), English footballer ; Harry R. Allcock (born 1932), American academic chemist ; Henry Allcock (1759–1808), English judge ; Maartin Allcock (1957–2018), English musician ; Terry Allcock (born 1935), English footballer ; Thomas Allcock (1815–1891), American inventor and businessman ; Tony Allcock (born 1955), English bowls player Allcock is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: [sep] Knowledge2: Frank Allcock: Francis Edward Allcock (7 September 1925 – June 2005) was a professional footballer, who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers between 1952 and 1956.[2] ; Frank Allcock: Allcock, who was born in Nottingham, played youth team football for Beeston Boys Club, before joining local League side Nottingham Forest at the end of World War II. He spent a year with Forest prior to the resumption of normal Football League matches, and joined Aston Villa in 1946, where he failed to make an impression on the first team.[3] He had a spell playing non-League football with Cheltenham Town, until returning to the professional game in 1952, when he joined Bristol Rovers.[4] ; Frank Allcock: In a four-year spell with The Pirates he played in 59 League games, before being forced to retire in 1956 with a serious knee injury.[4] ; Frank Allcock: Frank Allcock (an haife shi a shekara ta alif ɗari tara da ashirin da biyar1925A.c) Miladiyya - ya mutu a shekara ta 2005) shi ne ɗan wasan ƙwallon ƙafa ta ƙasar Ingila.
Knowledge1: List of foreign Liga I players  This is a list of foreign players in the Liga I, which commenced play in 1909. The following players must meet both of the following two criteria: More specifically,  Clubs listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game for.  Seasons listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game in. Note that seasons, not calendar years, are used. For example, "1992–1995" indicates that the player has played in every season from 1992–1993 to 1994–1995, but not necessarily every calendar year from 1992 to 1995.  In bold: players that have played at least one Liga I game in the current season (2022–2023) and the clubs they've played for. They include players that have subsequently left the club, but do not include current players of a Liga I club that have not played a Liga I game in the current season. [sep] Knowledge2: Radek Opršal: Latem 2004 roku Opršal odbył testy w Legii Warszawa[1][2], a następnie w Zagłębiu Lubin, gdzie podpisał kontrakt[1][3]. W barwach Zagłębia rozegrał on 1 mecz w I lidze, 2 października 2004 przeciwko Polonii Warszawa (1:1), oraz zaliczył 3 spotkania w ramach Pucharu Polski[4]. Większość trwania rundy jesiennej sezonu 2004/05 spędził w czwartoligowych rezerwach. Pod koniec 2004 roku klub zdecydował o zakończeniu okresu wypożyczenia[5][6]. W lutym 2005 roku został graczem drugoligowego Slovana Bratysława, gdzie grał przez pół roku[7]. W połowie 2005 roku przeszedł do FC Vítkovice, gdzie zaliczył 34 mecze na poziomie 2. ligi. W połowie sezonu 2006/07 przeniósł się do Naționalu Bukareszt, z którym po pół roku spadł z Liga I[8]. Na początku 2009 roku został piłkarzem drugoligowego FC Ploeszti[9]. W latach 2009–2012 występował z tym klubem (jako FC Astra Ploeszti) na poziome rumuńskiej ekstraklasy, w której rozegrał 60 spotkań i zdobył 4 bramki[10]. Po sezonie 2011/12, po wygaśnięciu jego umowy z Astrą, zakończył karierę zawodniczą[10].
Knowledge1:  Homola played in his youth for Sokol Přerov nad Labem, SK Český Brod, Spartak Čelákovice, Slavia Prague and once more Spartak Čelákovice. In Čelákovice he joined the professional team during the 1998–99 season. After only one year the defender was acquired by Gambrinus Liga club FK Jablonec 97, where he played until the end of 2002 and appeared in 61 league matches scoring six goals. In January 2003, Homola was acquired by Sparta Prague. At first he played regularly, although he made only seven league appearances in the 2004–05 season. In summer 2005, he was removed from Sparta's first team and shortly thereafter transferred to the Turkish club Malatyaspor, where he spent one season. After one year Homola returned to Sparta Prague. In the beginning he often played, by the end of the second half of the season he was hardly used. In February 2007, he returned to his former club FK Jablonec. In summer of 2010, he left Jablonec and joined Karviná. [sep] Knowledge2: David Homoláč: Odchovanec SK Hradec Králové. Hrál za VTJ Milíčeves, SK Hradec Králové, FK Dukla Praha, ŠK Slovan Bratislava a SK Dynamo České Budějovice. V lize nastoupil v 227 utkáních a dal 11 gólů.
Knowledge1:  Alex Crombie (born 1876) was an English footballer who played as a winger for Reading and Burslem Port Vale at the start of the 20th century.  Crombie played for Morpeth Harriers and Southern League side Reading, before joining Second Division club Burslem Port Vale in July 1905. He scored in a 4–3 win over Chesterfield at the Athletic Ground on 9 September, and was a regular first team player from September 1905 to February 1906, at which point he lost his first team place. He departed at the end of the 1905–06 season, having made 17 league and five cup appearances for the Vale.  He won the Scottish Premiership with Boroughmuir. Crombie received the first ever U.A.E Player of the Year in 2014 after winning 6 championships in a row with the world-famous Jebel Ali Dragons of Dubai. This was the first of its kind in the country and was hosted by ex Scotland Captain Rory Lawson and guests included Steve Thomson and Jonah Lomu. He played for Aberdeen GSFP. Alex Crombie  Alex Crombie (born 1876) was an English footballer who played as a winger for Reading and Burslem Port Vale at the start of the 20th century. [sep] Knowledge2: Alex Crombie: Alex Crombie (born 1876) was an English footballer who played as a winger for Reading and Burslem Port Vale at the start of the 20th century. ; Alex Crombie: Crombie played for Morpeth Harriers and Southern League side Reading, before joining Second Division club Burslem Port Vale in July 1905.[1] He scored in a 4–3 win over Chesterfield at the Athletic Ground on 9 September, and was a regular first team player from September 1905 to February 1906, at which point he lost his first team place.[1] He departed at the end of the 1905–06 season, having made 17 league and five cup appearances for the Vale.[1] ; Alex Crombie: Source:[2] ; Alexander Crombie: He was born in Aberdeen on 17 July 1760, the son of Thomas Crombie.[1][2] He studied at Marischal College. There he was taught divinity by James Beattie, gaining a M.A. in 1778. In 1794 his college awarded him an honorary doctorate (LL.D.).[3] ; Alexander Crombie: Crombie died in York Terrace, Regent's Park, London, on 11 June 1840.[1][8] He was buried at St Marylebone Church.[2]
Knowledge1: The 2013 Torneo di Viareggio is the 65th edition of Torneo di Viareggio (in English, the "Viareggio Tournament"; officially the "iareggio Cup World Football Tournament Coppa Carnevale"), the annual youth football tournament held in Viareggio, Tuscany. [sep] Knowledge2: 2013 Torneo di Viareggio: The 2013 Torneo di Viareggio is the 65th edition of Torneo di Viareggio (in English, the "Viareggio Tournament"; officially the "iareggio Cup World Football Tournament Coppa Carnevale"), the annual youth football tournament held in Viareggio, Tuscany. ; 2013 Torneo di Viareggio: The 48 teams are seeded in 12 pools, split up into 6-pool groups. Each team from a pool meets the others in a single tie. The winning club from each pool and two best runners-up from both group A and group B progress to the final knockout stage. All matches in the final rounds are single tie. The Round of 16 after envisions penalties and no extra time, while the rest of the final round matches include 30 minutes extra time and penalties to be played if the draw between teams still holds.[1] ; Torneo di Viareggio 2013: Il torneo è stato vinto per la prima volta dall'Anderlecht, vincitore in finale sul Milan. ; Torneo di Viareggio 2013: Le 48 squadre partecipanti sono state suddivise in due gruppi, A e B, costituiti da 6 gironi ciascuno. Le quattro squadre di ogni girone si affrontano in gare di sola andata. Si qualificano agli ottavi di finale le sei prime classificate e le due migliori seconde di ogni gruppo. Dalla seconda fase in poi le squadre si incontreranno tra di loro in gara unica ad eliminazione diretta. In caso di parità al termine dei tempi regolamentari degli ottavi di finale si procederà all'esecuzione dei calci di rigore. Dai quarti di finale in poi dopo i tempi regolamentari, due tempi supplementari da 15 minuti ciascuno, seguiti in caso di parità dai calci di rigore.[1]
Knowledge1: Wynonna Earp (TV series)  Wynonna Earp ( ) is a supernatural Western horror television series. Developed by Emily Andras, the Canadian-American program is based on the comic book series by Beau Smith. In the series, Wynonna returns to her hometown of Purgatory, near the Canadian Rockies, where she battles revenants, the reincarnated outlaws that Wyatt killed.  Syfy acquired United States rights for "Wynonna Earp" and ordered a 13-episode season in 2015"," premiering it on April 1, 2016. The series premiered in Canada on CHCH-DT on April 4. Viacom International Media Networks acquired the rights to broadcast "Wynonna Earp" on its multinational Spike channels in July 2016. On February 5, 2021, Syfy announced that the fourth season would be the last, with the remaining episodes starting on March 5, 2021.<ref name=HRSyFyend /><ref name=MitovichSyFyend /> The series, however, was not officially cancelled by CTV Sci-Fi Channel.<ref name=StoneSyfy4 />  Critical response to the series was positive. "E! Entertainment Television" named "Wynonna Earp" the "Best New Show" of 2016.<ref name=Piester /> It was chosen by "Variety" as one of the 20 best new series of 2016.<ref name=Ryan2016 /> In its annual "Best of TV" highlight, "Collider" named "Wynonna Earp" the "Best New Sci-Fi" show of 2016.<ref name=Radish /> Maureen Ryan of "Variety" named "Wynonna Earp" one of the best television shows of 2017.<ref name=Ryan2017 /> [sep] Knowledge2: Montevideo City Torque: Qualification for the play-off of the Torneo Intermedio, which Torque lost 3–2 to Nacional, was tempered by a poor run of results in both the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura, and Torque were relegated in 14th place based on average points per game at the end of the 2018 season. The 2019 season saw Torque take the Segunda División title for a second time as they beat Maldonado by three points to win the title on the final day of the season.[9]
Knowledge1:  He is the twin brother of the professional footballer Luis Felipe Díaz. They have played for the same football club four times: Curicó Unido (2013–17), Palestino (2017), Deportes Recoleta (2019) and Independiente de Cauquenes (2021). [sep] Knowledge2: Diego Díaz Garrido: Diego Díaz Garrido (Madrid, España, 30 de diciembre de 1968) es un exfutbolista español que jugaba de portero. Militó en equipos de Primera División como el Club Atlético de Madrid, el Real Valladolid C. F. y el Real Sporting de Gijón. Actualmente, trabaja en la cantera del Atlético de Madrid como entrenador de porteros.
Knowledge1: Vladislav Ivanovich Matviyenko (Владислав Иванович Матвиенко; born 27 September 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. As a player, he made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Okean Nakhodka. [sep] Knowledge2: Vladislav Matviyenko: Vladislav Ivanovich Matviyenko (Russian: Владислав Иванович Матвиенко; born 27 September 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. As a player, he made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Okean Nakhodka.[1] ; Vladislav Matviyenko: This biographical article related to a Russian association football midfielder born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Matviyenko: It may refer to: ; Vladislav Matviyenko: Vladislav Ivanovich Matviyenko (Russian: Владислав Иванович Матвиенко; born 27 September 1967) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. As a player, he made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Okean Nakhodka.[1]; Vladislav Matviyenko: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Vyacheslav Yuryevich Chadov (Вячеслав Юрьевич Чадов; born 26 September 1986) is a Russian professional football player. He plays for FC TSK Simferopol.  He played 8 seasons in the Russian Football National League for 6 different clubs. On 4 January 2016, Chadov left FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk by mutual consent. [sep] Knowledge2: Vyacheslav Chadov: Vyacheslav Yuryevich Chadov (Russian: Вячеслав Юрьевич Чадов; born 26 September 1986) is a Russian former professional football player. ; Vyacheslav Chadov: He played 8 seasons in the Russian Football National League for 6 different clubs. ; Vyacheslav Chadov: On 4 January 2016, Chadov left FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk by mutual consent.[1] ; Vyacheslav Chadov: This biographical article related to a Russian association football forward born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Koumiba Djossouvi (born November 2, 1982) is a French female rugby union player. She represented at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup. She was a member of the squad that won their fourth Six Nations title in 2014. Djossouvi played at the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens. Koumiba Djossouvi  Koumiba Djossouvi (born November 2, 1982) is a French female rugby union player. She represented at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup. She was a member of the squad that won their fourth Six Nations title in 2014.  Djossouvi played at the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens. [sep] Knowledge2: Koumiba Djossouvi: Koumiba Djossouvi (born November 2, 1982) is a French female rugby union player. She represented France at the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup.[1] She was a member of the squad that won their fourth Six Nations title in 2014.[2] ; Koumiba Djossouvi: Djossouvi played at the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens.[3] ; Koumiba Djossouvi:  a Compétitions nationales et continentales officielles uniquement.  b Matchs officiels uniquement.; Koumiba Djossouvi: Koumiba Djossouvi, née le 2 novembre 1982, est une joueuse internationale française de rugby à XV, occupant le poste de troisième ligne aile en club avec le Montpellier Hérault rugby (féminine) et en équipe de France féminine de rugby à XV. ; Koumiba Djossouvi: Koumiba Djossouvi a évolué durant quatre saisons au Rugby Club lonsois, à Lons, dans la banlieue de Pau, elle y connaît des sélections  en rugby à Sept puis en équipe de France de rugby à XV féminin[1], et est championne de France en 2012.
Knowledge1: The 2010–11 South West Peninsula League season was the fourth in the history of the South West Peninsula League, a football competition in England, that feeds the Premier Division of the Western Football League. The league had been formed in 2007 from the merger of the Devon County League and the South Western League, and is restricted to clubs based in Cornwall and Devon. The Premier Division of the South West Peninsula League is on the same level of the National League System as the Western League Division One. The champions for the second season in succession were Buckland Athletic. 2010–11 South West Peninsula League  The 2010–11 South West Peninsula League season was the fourth in the history of the South West Peninsula League, a football competition in England, that feeds the Premier Division of the Western Football League. The league had been formed in 2007 from the merger of the Devon County League and the South Western League, and is restricted to clubs based in Cornwall and Devon. The Premier Division of the South West Peninsula League is on the same level of the National League System as the Western League Division One.  The champions for the second season in succession were Buckland Athletic. [sep] Knowledge2: 2010–11 South West Peninsula League: The 2010–11 South West Peninsula League season was the fourth in the history of the South West Peninsula League, a football competition in England, that feeds the Premier Division of the Western Football League. The league had been formed in 2007 from the merger of the Devon County League and the South Western League, and is restricted to clubs based in Cornwall and Devon. The Premier Division of the South West Peninsula League is on the same level of the National League System as the Western League Division One. ; 2010–11 South West Peninsula League: The champions for the second season in succession were Buckland Athletic. ; 2010–11 South West Peninsula League: The Premier Division featured 20 teams, the same as the previous season. Two new clubs joined the league after Clyst Rovers resigned and Holsworthy were relegated to Division One West: ; 2010–11 South West Peninsula League: Can you list the top facts and stats about 2010–11 South West Peninsula League?; 2010–11 South West Peninsula League: Summarize this article for a 10 year old
Knowledge1: Robert Braet (11 February 1912, in Bruges – 23 February 1987, in Bruges) was a tall Belgian goalkeeper. He never played for any other football team besides Cercle Brugge. Braet is seen as one of the biggest monuments in the team's history. He was also part of the Belgian national team that took part in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. [sep] Knowledge2: Robert Braet: Robert Braet (11 February 1912, in Bruges – 23 February 1987, in Bruges) was a tall Belgian goalkeeper. He never played for any other football team besides Cercle Brugge. Braet is seen as one of the biggest monuments in the team's history. He was on the Belgium national team that took part in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. ; Robert Braet: Braet made his debut for Cercle when he had just turned 18, in a 0–1 away win against Lierse. He would quite immediately achieve his place in the starting eleven. In 1948, when Braet finished his career as goalkeeper, he had made 352 appearances for Cercle. Only 5 players do better. Braet was also chairman of Cercle Brugge from 1967 until 1970. There are 3 other former Cercle chairmen who have ever played for the green and black side: the others are Raoul Daufresne de la Chevalerie (35 appearances and 5 goals), Léon De Meester and Edgard De Smedt (both 1 appearance and 0 goals). ; Robert Braet: Braet made his debut for Belgium in an October 1931 friendly match against Poland and earned a total of 14 caps, scoring no goals.[1] His final international was a February 1938 friendly against the Netherlands.[2] ; Robert Braet: Braet has named a trophy after him, which is awarded every 2-year to the person who has made himself voluntarily most useful for the team. ; Robert Braet: This biographical article related to association football in Belgium, about a goalkeeper, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Sleepless in Seattle  Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nora Ephron, from a screenplay she wrote with David S. Ward and Jeff Arch. Starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, the film follows a journalist (Ryan) who, despite being newly engaged, becomes enamored with a recently widowed architect (Hanks), when the latter's son calls in to a talk radio program requesting a new partner for his grieving father. In addition to Bill Pullman, Ross Malinger, and Rob Reiner, the film features an ensemble supporting cast also consisting of Rosie O'Donnell, Gaby Hoffman, Victor Garber, Rita Wilson, Barbara Garrick, and Carey Lowell.  Inspired by the romance film "An Affair to Remember" (1957), "Sleepless in Seattle" was conceived as a romantic drama by Arch in 1989. Several studios rejected his script, deterred by the idea that its main couple does not meet for nearly the entire film. Arch submitted his script to producer Gary Foster in 1990. Foster strongly believed in the film's potential but struggled to get it made by TriStar Pictures for several years, finding its emotional script promising but unsophisticated. Ward and Ephron were among several writers hired to re-write the script into a funnier film, with Ephron eventually being promoted to director once Nick Castle departed over disagreeing with her comedic approach. Although both Hanks and Ryan had been favored for the lead roles from the beginning, several other actors expressed interest in both parts, while Hanks often disagreed with Ephron over his character's material. The film was shot mostly in Seattle during the summer of 1992. Several of its most pivotal scenes were filmed on a former naval base due to the city's lack of sound stages, including a recreation of the Empire State Building's observation deck when the New York skyscraper was not available.  "Sleepless in Seattle" was released on June 25, 1993, to positive reviews, receiving praise for Ephron's writing and direction, as well as Hanks and Ryan's performances. The film was nominated for two Academy Awards at the 1994 ceremony: Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Song. Despite competition from several blockbusters released around that same summer, the film was a surprise commercial success, earning $17 million during its opening weekend (the highest opening for a romantic comedy at the time), and ultimately grossing over $227 million worldwide.<ref name="mojo" /> It was one of the highest-grossing films of 1993, and remains one of the most successful romantic comedies in box office history. The soundtrack was also successful, peaking at number one on the "Billboard" 200.  Several critics and media publications agree that "Sleepless in Seattle" is one of the greatest romantic comedy films of all-time. The film is also credited with establishing Ephron as a celebrated romantic comedy filmmaker. [sep] Knowledge2: Walter Pfeiffer: Walter Pfeiffer (born in Beggingen[1] in 1946) is a Swiss artist. ; Walter Pfeiffer: Walter Pfeiffer was born in Beggingen (Switzerland), in 1946 and has been producing since the early 1970s. His portraits of friends, lovers and the youth surrounding him in cities such as Zurich, Paris and New York would link him to other photographers of that decade, such as Nan Goldin and Nobuyoshi Araki. His first book of photographs appeared in 1980, Walter Pfeiffer: 1970-1980 (Elke Betzel, 1980). The next two decades were spent in relative obscurity, while the photographer kept on producing his photography and a few videos, while at the same time returning to painting. The breakthrough and rediscovery of his work would have to wait until the beginning of the century, when Welcome Aboard, Photographs 1980-2000 (Edition Patrick Frey/Scab, 2001) was published.  His work was then linked to the revival of realistic photography in the 1990s and early 2000s, with artists such as Wolfgang Tillmans, Ryan McGinley, Slava Mogutin, Heinz Peter Knes and Jack Pierson. His influence on the work of photographers like Juergen Teller has been noted. Since then, Walter Pfeiffer has collaborated with international magazines as diverse in style and audience as i-D, Butt and Vogue. ; Walter Pfeiffer: Walter Pfeiffer has stated in interviews that he prefers to work with non-professionals. His casting is usually done by himself, friends and a few assistants, often approaching subjects in the street. However, in the past few years, due to his work in the fashion industry, Pfeiffer has also photographed professional models such as Cara Delevingne, Karlie Kloss, Magdalena Frackowiak, Eva Herzigová, Francisco Lachowski and Lorcan Leather-Barrow. ; Walter Pfeiffer (footballer): Walter Pfeiffer (12 June 1927 – 10 May 2014) was an Austrian football manager and former player. He managed the Iceland national team in 1968.[2][3] ; Walter Pfeiffer (footballer): He also coached PAOK FC, AGF,[4] B 1909,[5] KR, SC Eisenstadt[6]
Knowledge1:  Needham has played for the following minor league teams during his career: Grand Rapids Rockets, Valleyfield Braves, Glace Bay Miners, New Westminster Royals, North Bay Trappers, Toledo Hornets and Cleveland Barons. He holds the franchise record of most games played for the Cleveland Barons, a total of 981, where he spent 15 seasons of his career. In this span, Needham scored 62 goals and 246 assists. [sep] Knowledge2: Archie Needham: Archibald Needham (2 August 1881 – 1950) was an English footballer, who played for Crystal Palace in a variety of positions. ; Archie Needham: Born in Sheffield, Needham played professionally for Sheffield United but unlike his namesake (relative?) Ernest Needham he was not a regular first team player. In 1905 he joined new club Crystal Palace, and was the club's top scorer in their first season, playing in the Southern League Division Two. Needham was a versatile player, and played in almost every position save for goalkeeper whilst at Palace. On 21 January 1909, he scored a memorable goal against Football League side Wolves in an FA Cup first round replay. In the dying minutes of extra time, Fred Fountain wrote of the goal in the Croydon Advertiser in 1946: "...he simply weaved his way through all the players and dribbled it right up to the Wolves' goal, putting in an unstoppable shot."[1] Writing in The Penny Illustrated Paper, John Cameron called Needham "The brilliant Crystal Palace 'utility man'."[2] ; Archie Needham: This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1880s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; File:Archie Needham.jpg: Archie_Needham.jpg ‎(212 × 215 pixels, file size: 50 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg) ; File:Archie Needham.jpg: Archie Needham, footballer, face imposed on football, from the Penny Illustrated Paper of January 30, 1909.
Knowledge1: 1990–91 British Basketball League season  The 1990–91 BBL season was the 4th season of the British Basketball League (known as the Carlsberg League for sponsorship reasons) since its establishment in 1987. The season featured a total of nine teams, playing 24 games each. Following a new £1.3 million sponsorship deal with Carlsberg, the sport was unified once more as three divisions of the Carlsberg League were created.<br> Solent Stars dropped out of the top tier and would play their basketball in Division Four. Hemel Hempstead Royals and Worthing Bears returned to top tier action and the Bracknell Tigers became the Thames Valley Tigers.  Kingston claimed the Division One title and Play-off crown, as well as the League Trophy, earning their coach Kevin Cadle and star player Alton Byrd the award's for Coach and Player of the Year respectively. Sunderland claimed the National Cup preventing another Kingston clean sweep. [sep] Knowledge2: 1990–91 British Basketball League season: The 1990–91 BBL season was the 4th season of the British Basketball League (known as the Carlsberg League for sponsorship reasons) since its establishment in 1987. The season featured a total of nine teams, playing 24 games each. Following a new £1.3 million sponsorship deal with Carlsberg, the sport was unified once more as three divisions of the Carlsberg League were created. Solent Stars dropped out of the top tier and would play their basketball in Division Four.[1] Hemel Hempstead Royals and Worthing Bears returned to top tier action and the Bracknell Tigers became the Thames Valley Tigers. ; 1990–91 British Basketball League season: Kingston claimed the Division One title and Play-off crown,[2] as well as the League Trophy, earning their coach Kevin Cadle and star player Alton Byrd the award's for Coach and Player of the Year respectively. Sunderland claimed the National Cup preventing another Kingston clean sweep. ; 1990–91 British Basketball League season: (1) Kingston vs. (8) Hemel Royals ; 1990–91 British Basketball League season: (2) Sunderland Saints vs. (7) Worthing Bears ; 1990–91 British Basketball League season: (3) Thames Valley Tigers vs. (6) Manchester Giants
Knowledge1: Ozren Perić (Serbian Cyrillic: Озрен Перић; born 4 April 1987) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer who plays for Borac Šamac. [sep] Knowledge2: Ozren Perić: Kerem Yusuf Aydin
Knowledge1: Rwanda women's national football team  The Rwanda women's national football team represents Rwanda in women's association football and is controlled by the Rwandese Association Football Federation. It had to date been scheduled to compete in one major tournament, the inaugural Women's Challenge Cup held in Zanzibar in October 2007, but the event was ultimately canceled. It has finally debuted in February 2014 against Kenya. The team is nicknamed "The She-Amavubi" (Kinyarwanda for "The She-Wasps"). [sep] Knowledge2: Zanzibar national under-20 football team: Zanzibar national under-20 football team are an international association football team representing the island nation of Zanzibar at under 20 level. In some competitions such as the ELF Cup, the team have represented the full Zanzibar national football team. The team achieved fourth place at the 2006 ELF Cup in Northern Cyprus. ; Zanzibar national under-20 football team: This Zanzibar-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Fanello began playing football with local side Polisportiva Pizzo. He turned professional with U.S. Catanzaro, and was the leading goalscorer of Serie C as he helped the club gain promotion to Serie B during the 1958–59 season. After playing for Italy at the 1960 Summer Olympics, Fanello signed with Serie A side A.C. Milan. However, his opportunities with the first team were limited, and he was loaned to U.S. Alessandria. He would appear for several other Italian clubs, including S.S.C. Napoli, and scored 17 goals in 80 Serie A appearances and 71 goals in 218 Serie B appearances. In 1973, he played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Italia. He also served as a player-coach for Toronto Italia in 1973.  Giovanni Fanello (born 21 February 1939 in Pizzo) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward. Giovanni Fanello  Giovanni Fanello (born 21 February 1939 in Pizzo) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward. [sep] Knowledge2: Giovanni Fanello: Giovanni Fanello (born 21 February 1939 in Pizzo) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward.[1][2] ; Giovanni Fanello: Fanello began playing football with local side Polisportiva Pizzo. He turned professional with U.S. Catanzaro, and was the leading goalscorer of Serie C as he helped the club gain promotion to Serie B during the 1958–59 season. After playing for Italy at the 1960 Summer Olympics,[3] Fanello signed with Serie A side A.C. Milan. However, his opportunities with the first team were limited, and he was loaned to U.S. Alessandria. He would appear for several other Italian clubs, including S.S.C. Napoli, and scored 17 goals in 80 Serie A appearances and 71 goals in 218 Serie B appearances.[4] In 1973, he played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Italia.[5] He also served as a player-coach for Toronto Italia in 1973.[6] ; Giovanni Fanello: This biographical article related to association football in Italy, about a forward born in the 1930s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Giovanni Fanello: Giovanni Fanello (Pizzo, 21 febbraio 1939) è un allenatore di calcio ed ex calciatore italiano, di ruolo attaccante. ; Giovanni Fanello: Esordì nella squadra della sua cittadina, l'Unione Sportiva Pizzo, con il quale disputò campionati regionali calabresi 1953-1957. Nel 1958 venne chiamato in Serie C dal Catanzaro: i giallorossi grazie ai suoi gol(Capocannoniere) ottennero la promozione in Serie B per la stagione 1959-1960 nella quale, a 21 anni, realizzò 15 reti e fu capocannoniere. Nell'estate 1960 venne convocato da Nereo Rocco nella Nazionale Olimpica e partecipò ai Giochi della XVII Olimpiade che si disputarono a Roma; esordì contro Taiwan il 26 agosto. L'Italia concluse quarta, e Fanello segnò un gol in 2 partite.
Knowledge1: Game brought forward to 2 March 2002. [sep] Knowledge2: 2001–02 French Division 1: Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Ligue 1 season 2002/2003
Knowledge1: Bob Priddy  Robert Simpson Priddy (born December 10, 1939) is a retired American professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1962 to 1971, with the exception of the 1963 season. Priddy batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, San Francisco Giants, Washington Senators, Chicago White Sox, California Angels and Atlanta Braves. [sep] Knowledge2: Bob Priddy (basketball): Robert B. Priddy (March 24, 1930 – October 8, 2021) was an American professional basketball player.[1] Priddy was selected in the 1952 NBA draft by the Baltimore Bullets after a collegiate career at New Mexico A&M.[1] He played for the Bullets in just 16 games during the 1952–53 season.[1] ; Bob Priddy (basketball): Robert B. Priddy (March 24, 1930 – October 8, 2021) was an American professional basketball player.[1] Priddy was selected in the 1952 NBA draft by the Baltimore Bullets after a collegiate career at New Mexico A&M.[1] He played for the Bullets in just 16 games during the 1952–53 season.[1]
Knowledge1: Jin Zhiyang started his playing career with the Beijing youth team and subsequently the senior Beijing team. His greatest achievement came when he won the national league title in 1973 with the Beijing team. He would retire shortly afterwards to begin his management career.  Jin Zhiyang (Simplified Chinese: 金志扬, born January 10, 1944) is a Chinese football coach and a former player. He is mainly noted within China for his loyal service towards Beijing as both a successful player and then later as a coach for the team where his greatest achievements was when he managed the team to two Chinese FA Cup titles in the 1996 and then 1997 league seasons. He has also managed several other teams such as Tibet, Tianjin Teda and China on a caretaker basis, while his last senior coaching position was with Beijing Institute of Technology FC. Jin Zhiyang  Jin Zhiyang (Simplified Chinese: 金志扬, born January 10, 1944) is a Chinese football coach and a former player. He is mainly noted within China for his loyal service towards Beijing as both a successful player and then later as a coach for the team where his greatest achievements was when he managed the team to two Chinese FA Cup titles in the 1996 and then 1997 league seasons. He has also managed several other teams such as Tibet, Tianjin Teda and China on a caretaker basis, while his last senior coaching position was with Beijing Institute of Technology FC. [sep] Knowledge2: Jin Zhiyang: Jin Zhiyang (Chinese: 金志扬, born January 10, 1944) is a Chinese football coach and a former player. He is mainly noted within China for his loyal service towards Beijing as both a successful player and then later as a coach for the team where his greatest achievements was when he managed the team to two Chinese FA Cup titles in the 1996 and then 1997 league seasons. He has also managed several other teams such as Tibet, Tianjin Teda and China on a caretaker basis, while his last senior coaching position was with Beijing Institute of Technology FC. ; Jin Zhiyang: Jin Zhiyang started his playing career with the Beijing youth team and subsequently the senior Beijing team. His greatest achievement came when he won the national league title in 1973 with the Beijing team.[1] He would retire shortly afterwards to begin his management career. ; Jin Zhiyang: After he retired from football Jin Zhiyang would begin coaching for the Beijing team before he was offered a chance to become the Head coach of Tibet in 1974. After staying with them for two seasons he would return to Beijing where he was offered the chance to coach the youth team and then the reserves until March 1985 when the club pushed for professionalism within the team and moved Jin to Germany to study professional coaching before returning to Beijing where he continued studying before finally achieving his coaching badges. After the previous Head coach Tang Pengju had a disappointing season with Beijing, Jin was promoted as the club's manager at the beginning of the 1995 league season and would immediately transform the team into genuine title contenders, achieving a runners-up position at the end of the season.[2] While he couldn't go on to win the league title he would go on to win the 1996 and then 1997 Chinese FA Cup titles.[3] ; Jin Zhiyang: Near the end of the 1997 Chinese league season the Chinese Football Association would hire a foreign coach in Bob Houghton to manage the Chinese football team and Jin Zhiyang was brought in as an assistant coach to help him. This lasted until December 2008 when recently promoted top tier side Tianjin Teda F.C. offered him their head coach position, taking this opportunity to return into management he would lead them at the start of the 1999 league season to a respectable seventh-place position at the end of the season.[4] In 2000 Jin would return to the Chinese football team as their manager, but on only on a part-time caretaker basis to aid the team prepare for some important 2000 AFC Asian Cup qualification games. When he returned to Tianjin Teda F.C. he would once again achieve similar mid-table results from the previous season and leave the club at the end year.
Knowledge1: Israel Machado Campelo Andrade (born January 17, 1960 in Salvador), commonly known as Israel Andrade or simply Israel, is a former professional basketball player from Brazil. Israel Andrade  Israel Machado Campelo Andrade (born January 17, 1960 in Salvador), commonly known as Israel Andrade or simply Israel, is a former professional basketball player from Brazil. [sep] Knowledge2: Israel Andrade: Israel Machado Campelo Andrade (born January 17, 1960 in Salvador), commonly known as Israel Andrade or simply Israel, is a former professional basketball player from Brazil. ; Israel Andrade: During his pro club career, Andrade won 4 Brazilian Championships, in the seasons 1982, 1985, 1986 (I), and 1986 (II), while a member of C.A. Monte Líbano. ; Israel Andrade: Andrade played with the senior Brazilian national basketball team at three consecutive Summer Olympic Games, at the 1984 Summer Olympic Games, the 1988 Summer Olympic games, and the 1992 Summer Olympic Games.[1] Andrade was also a member of the Brazilian national team that won the gold medal at the 1987 Pan American Games, where he scored 78 points in seven games during the tournament. He also played at the 1982 FIBA World Cup, the 1986 FIBA World Cup, and the 1990 FIBA World Cup. ; Israel Andrade: This biographical article relating to a Brazilian  basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Israel Andrade: Can you list the top facts and stats about Israel Andrade?
Knowledge1: Patrick Edema  Patrick Lechi Edema (born 27 August 1992) is a Ugandan professional footballer who plays for Eléctrico. [sep] Knowledge2: Patrick Edema: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Patrick Edema: Patrick Lechi Edema (born 27 August 1992) is a Ugandan professional footballer who plays for Eléctrico.; Patrick Edema: Players: Top Trends; Patrick Edema: Competitions / Popular Leagues; Patrick Edema: Full Name: Patrick Lechi Edema
Knowledge1:  Agustín Eizaguirre Ostolaza (7 October 1897 – 28 November 1961) was a Spanish football player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was a member of the Spanish team that won the silver medal in the football tournament, though he did not make an appearance. Eizaguirre was born in Zarautz. His son Ignacio also played for the Spain national team, as goalkeeper. [sep] Knowledge2: Agustín Elduayen: Après ses années du Real Burgos, il part jouer au Deportivo La Corogne. Il prend sa retraite dans le club du Real Valladolid.
Knowledge1:  Sebastien Chaule (born 14 December 1976 in Agen) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the TSV Handschuhsheim until 2012 in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team. His greatest success as a national team player was the promotion to Division 1 of the European Nations Cup in 2008. He plays rugby since 1981 and originally hails from France. His usual position is outside-centre. His last game for Germany was against Russia on 2 May 2009 in Hannover, his 15th international. He retired from international rugby after a controversial red card he received in a Bundesliga match in October 2009. Since 2012 his now playing for the Team Allgäu Rugby Kempten in the Bavarian division. Chaule is a Sportphysical Therapist by profession. Sebastien Chaule is married and has three children. [sep] Knowledge2: Sébastien Chevallier: 2013 bildete Chevallier ein neues Duo mit Mats Kovatsch. Chevallier/Kovatsch spielten bei den Fuzhou Open und wurden Neunte des Grand Slam in Shanghai. Bei der WM in Stare Jabłonki schieden sie sieglos nach der Vorrunde aus und bei der EM in Klagenfurt landeten sie auf Platz 17. 2014 spielte Chevallier mit Alexei Strasser und 2015 mit Marco Krattiger. Nach seinem zweiten Schweizer Meistertitel 2015 an der Seite von Krattiger beendete Chevallier seine Beachkarriere.
Knowledge1:  He reached only into the quarterfinal round, where he lost by an automatic ippon to Cuba's Óscar Brayson, who also defeated him in the gold medal match at the Pan American Games. Because his opponent advanced further into the final match, Schlittler offered another shot for the bronze medal by defeating Lebanon's Rudy Hachache, with a tate shiho gatame (seven mat holds) and an ippon, in the repechage bout. Unfortunately, he finished only in seventh place, after losing out the final repechage bout to six-foot and eight-inch tall French judoka Teddy Riner, who successfully scored an ippon in more than a minute. [sep] Knowledge2: João Schlittler: Schlittler represented Brazil at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed for the men's heavyweight class (+100 kg). He reached only into the quarterfinal round, where he lost by an automatic ippon to Cuba's Óscar Brayson, who also defeated him in the gold medal match at the Pan American Games.[4] Because his opponent advanced further into the final match, Schlittler offered another shot for the bronze medal by defeating Lebanon's Rudy Hachache, with a tate shiho gatame (seven mat holds) and an ippon, in the repechage bout.[5] Unfortunately, he finished only in seventh place, after losing out the final repechage bout to six-foot and eight-inch tall French judoka Teddy Riner, who successfully scored an ippon in more than a minute.[6]
Knowledge1: Andrew Tucker (born 25 December 1968) is a South African former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender. Tucker played club football for Hellenic and SuperSport United; he also earned nine caps for the South African national side between 1994 and 1995. He was part of the squad that won the 1996 African Cup of Nations. [sep] Knowledge2: Andrew Tucker: Andrew Tucker may refer to: ; Andrew Tucker (sport shooter): Tucker began his shooting career in the cadet force shooting team at Felsted School, winning the Iveagh match at Bisley in 1954.[1] In 1964 he won the Grand Aggregate at the NSRA National Smallbore Rifle Meeting, and in the 1970s represented Great Britain at World Cups, partnering Malcolm Cooper.[1][2] ; Andrew Tucker (sport shooter): In 1974 he gained his first England full-bore rifle cap.[1] In 1979 Tucker won the Queen's Prize for the first time. He won the Grand Aggregate at the 1986 Imperial Meeting, and the Queen's Prize again in 1987.[1][3] ; Andrew Tucker (sport shooter): Tucker represented England and won a gold medal in the fullbore rifle pairs with Simon Belither and a silver medal in the individual fullbore rifle, at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, New Zealand.[4][5] ; Andrew Tucker (sport shooter): In 1995, he captained the England touring team to Canada, where they beat the Canadians on their home range in Ottawa.[1]
Knowledge1: Indonesia Education League (in Indonesian : Liga Pendidikan Indonesia) is a football competition between junior and senior high schools and universities all over Indonesia. It is organized in stages, from the regency / city, provincial, regional, and national levels. Implementation of activities outside school hours or on school holidays on major educational element. Organized by the principle of the sports industry. Cooperation of the Ministry of National Education and Ministry of Youth and Sports and the Football Association of Indonesia. The President Cup tournament is gaining.  Is a registered student or students who are actively studying in high school / University and has an average rating of academic seven for students in high school and college students who have a cumulative IP of 2.5. For players from junior high and equivalent levels should be a maximum of 15 years old, for players from high school and should equal a maximum of 18 years old and for players from the university should be a maximum of 23 years old. Players who are registered, are required to have a Community Card Indonesia Education League. [sep] Knowledge2: Indonesia Education League: Indonesia Education League[2] (in Indonesian : Liga Pendidikan Indonesia) is a football competition between junior and senior high schools and universities all over Indonesia. It is organized in stages, from the regency / city, provincial, regional, and national levels. Implementation of activities outside school hours or on school holidays on major educational element. Organized by the principle of the sports industry. Cooperation of the Ministry of National Education and Ministry of Youth and Sports and the Football Association of Indonesia. The President Cup tournament is gaining. ; Indonesia Education League: Is a registered student or students who are actively studying in high school / University and has an average rating of academic seven for students in high school and college students who have a cumulative IP of 2.5. For players from junior high and equivalent levels should be a maximum of 15 years old, for players from high school and should equal a maximum of 18 years old and for players from the university should be a maximum of 23 years old. Players who are registered, are required to have a Community Card Indonesia Education League.
Knowledge1: Ramón Rodríguez del Solar (born 8 September 1977 in Pilcopata, Cuzco) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a striker for Santa Rosa in the Torneo Descentralizado. In his long career, Rodríguez has played for the likes of Cienciano, FBC Melgar, Total Clean, Deportivo Municipal, Sport Boys, Alianza Atlético, Inti Gas Deportes, and Cobresol and Real Garcilaso. His nicknamed is El Ratón (The Mouse) [sep] Knowledge2: Ramón Rodríguez (actor): Rodríguez was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico and raised on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.[1][2] He attended New York City Lab School for Collaborative Studies and then The Leelanau School in Michigan, where he played basketball during his final two years. He continued playing basketball for another two years at Wheeling Jesuit University in West Virginia, before transferring to New York University, where he earned his degree in sports marketing.[3]
Knowledge1:  Leonardo Bedolla Torres (born July 31, 1993 in Ayutla, Jalisco), known as Leonardo Torres, is a professional Mexican football. [sep] Knowledge2: Leonardo Torres: Torres began his career with Belgrano de Córdoba and has played for several clubs in Argentina including Racing Club de Avellaneda and Unión de Santa Fe. Torres also had a brief stint playing with Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in South Korea. ; Leonardo Torres: This biographical article related to an Argentine association football midfielder born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Leonardo Torres Quevedo: Civil Order of Alfonso XII (1906)[1]Echegaray Medal (1916)Parville Award (1916)Order of Charles III (1921)[2]Military Order of Saint James of the Sword (1921)Legion of Honour (1922)Honorary degree University of Paris (1923) University of Coimbra (1925)Order of the Spanish Republic (1934) ; Leonardo Torres Quevedo: Torres' first major project was the patent for a new cable car system in 1887 to transport people safely, an area that culminated in 1916 with the Whirlpool Aero Car located in Niagara Falls, that carries 35 standing passengers over a one-kilometre trip.[5] He published Sur les machines algébriques (1895) and Machines à calculer (1901), works that gave him a notorious reputation in France, carrying out the construction of several analog machines for the resolution of algebraic equations.[6] ; Leonardo Torres Quevedo: He made significant aeronautical contributions in the early 20th century, from a mooring post with a superior pivoting platform to be able to moor a dirigible outdoors, to the Astra-Torres airship, a trilobed cross section structure that began to be manufactured from 1911 and was widely used by the Allied Powers during World War I. Torres was also a key figure in the development of radio control in 1901 with the Telekine, which he created modern wireless remote-control operation principles.[7]
Knowledge1: Oleg Yevgenyevich Imrekov (Олег Евгеньевич Имреков; 10 July 1962 – 26 January 2014 ) was a Russian professional footballer. His twin sons Arkadi Imrekov and Viktor Imrekov are professional footballers. [sep] Knowledge2: Oleg Imrekov: Oleg Yevgenyevich Imrekov (Russian: Олег Евгеньевич Имреков; 10 July 1962 – 26 January 2014[1]) was a Russian professional footballer. ; Oleg Imrekov: His twin sons Arkadi Imrekov and Viktor Imrekov are professional footballers. ; Oleg Imrekov: This biographical article related to a Russian association football midfielder born in the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Oleg Imrekov: Oleg Yevguénievich Imrekov (en ruso: Олег Евгеньевич Имреков; 10 de julio de 1962 - 26 de enero de 2014)[1]​ fue un jugador de fútbol profesional ruso.  ; Oleg Imrekov: Sus hijos gemelos Arkadi Imrekov y Viktor Imrekov son futbolistas profesionales.
Knowledge1: Ali Sami Yachir (born January 2, 1985) is an Algerian football player who plays for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2. In September 2013, a video of a miss by Yachir in a league match against CR Belouizdad went viral. The striker failed to score into an empty net after the goalkeeper had tripped over the ball. [sep] Knowledge2: Ali Sami Yachir: Ali Sami Yachir (born January 2, 1985) is an Algerian football player who plays for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.[1] ; Ali Sami Yachir: Yachir was born in Tizi Ouzou, Algeria. His father Djafar was born in Ouadhia and his mother Zahia in Hussein-Dey, French Algeria. ; Ali Sami Yachir: The family settled in France, in the Seine-Maritime department, around 1990. Yachir acquired French nationality on 14 May 1996, through the collective effect connected to the reinstatement of his parents in French nationality.[2] ; Ali Sami Yachir: In September 2013, a video of a miss by Yachir in a league match against CR Belouizdad went viral.[3] The striker failed to score into an empty net after the goalkeeper had tripped over the ball. ; Ali Sami Yachir: This biographical article related to a football forward from Algeria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Gergo Nagy (born October 10, 1989) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing with Hungarian club, Ferencvárosi TC who compete in the Erste Liga. Nagy returned to Alba Volan on July 1, 2015, after two North American seasons within the Chicago Wolves organization of the American Hockey League (AHL). Nagy competed at the 2009 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships and 2016 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships as a member of the Hungary men's national ice hockey team. [sep] Knowledge2: Kovács Gergő: A 2007-2008-as szezonban hat alkalommal lépett pályára az NB III-ban szereplő ZTE II csapatában és egy gólt szerzett. Első NBI-es mérkőzését az FC Fehérvár ellen játszotta 2008. június 2-án, kezdőként ekkor 70 percet töltött a pályán. A 2008–2009-es idénytől kezdve tagja a ZTE felnőtt keretének. 2015-ben hazaigazolt Ajkára.
Knowledge1: Daigo Watanabe (渡邉 大剛) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a midfielder. His younger brothers Kazuma Watanabe and Mitsuki Watanabe are also footballers. Daigo Watanabe (渡邉 大剛), Japanese footballer ; Daisuke Watanabe (disambiguation), multiple people  Daigo Watanabe [sep] Knowledge2: Daigo Watanabe: Daigo Watanabe (渡邉 大剛, Watanabe Daigō, born 3 December 1984) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a midfielder.[1] His younger brothers Kazuma Watanabe and Mitsuki Watanabe are also footballers.[2] ; Daigo Watanabe: Watanabe left Kamatamare Sanuki at the end of 2018, where his contract expired.[3] ; Daigo Watanabe: Updated as of 23 February 2019.[4][5] ; Daigo Watanabe: This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Daigo Watanabe: Daigo Watanabe (born 3 December 1984) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kyoto Sanga. He has 2 younger brothers, Kazuma Watanabe and Mitsuki Watanabe, who are both footballers.
Knowledge1: The South Orange Open, formerly known as the Eastern Grass Court Championships, is a defunct Grand Prix affiliated tennis tournament played from 1970 to 1983. It was held in South Orange, New Jersey in the United States and played on outdoor grass courts from 1970-1974, and then played on outdoor clay courts from 1975 to 1983. There were men's and women's singles tournaments, as well as men's, women's, and mixed doubles. Ilie Năstase was the most successful player at the tournament, winning the singles competition three times on two different surfaces and the doubles competition twice with American Jimmy Connors. [sep] Knowledge2: Tennis court: Based on the standard rules of tennis, the size of the court is measured to the outside of the respective baselines and sidelines. The "service" lines ("T" and the "service" line) are centered. The ball must completely miss the line to be considered "out". This also means that the width of the line (except for the center service line) is irrelevant to play. The center service line is 2 in (5 cm), the other lines are between 1 in (2.5 cm) and 2 in (5 cm) wide, whereas the baseline may be up to 4 in (10 cm) wide.[1]
Knowledge1: Shuto Suzuki (鈴木 修人) is a former Japanese football player. In February 2015, Suzuki announced his retirement from football. [sep] Knowledge2: Shuto Suzuki: Shuto Suzuki (鈴木 修人, Suzuki Shūto, born August 31, 1985) is a former Japanese football player.[1] ; Shuto Suzuki: In February 2015, Suzuki announced his retirement from football.[2] ; Shuto Suzuki: This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Shoto Suzuki: On 17 December 2022, Suzuki transferred to JFL club Criacao Shinjuku for the upcoming 2023 season, giving up on his announced retirement made in July of the same year.[2] ; Shuto Suzuki: Shuto Suzuki adalah pemain bola sepak Jepun. Dia bermain untuk Kashima Antlers, Shonan Bellmare, Tochigi SC dan Giravanz Kitakyushu.
Knowledge1: Hans Cornelis (born 13 October 1982) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a right-back.  Johannes Cornelis "Hans" Tetzner (9 June 1898 – 17 February 1987) was a Dutch association football defender and medical doctor. He was part of the Dutch team that finished fourth at the 1924 Summer Olympics. Between 1915 and 1926 he played for Be Quick 1887, winning nine Northern Dutch titles and one national title in 1920. Hans Tetzner had an elder brother Max; they competed alongside both in football and speed skating. Hans also played tennis, once reaching the semifinals of the Dutch national doubles championships. He later became a prominent surgeon and served as a doctor for the football club AFC Ajax and for the 1936 Dutch Olympic cycling team. In the 1960s he was a regular guest at the television show Wie van de Drie? [sep] Knowledge2: Hans Cornelis: Hans Cornelis (born 13 October 1982) is a Belgian professional football manager and former player who is the head coach of Belgian Division 2 club Lokeren-Temse. ; Hans Cornelis: Cornelis was part of a last minute transfer deal in the late evening of 31 August 2009. Cercle Brugge and Genk came to an extensive agreement: Cornelis was sold to Cercle Brugge, his teammate Jelle Vossen joined him on loan. Thomas Buffel made the opposite move. ; Hans Cornelis: After Zwevezele withdrew from the national competitions after the 2021–22 season,[4] Cornelis was appointed new head coach of Belgian Division 2 club Lokeren-Temse on 4 June 2022.[5] ; Hans Cornelis: Club Brugge ; Hans Cornelis: This biographical article related to association football in Belgium, about a defender, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Masahito Noto (能登 正人) is a Japanese footballer.  Noto was born in Osaka, Japan, and has played for SV Gonsenheim, the Hannover 96 reserve team, Buriram United, and Chainat F.C..  Noto attended St. Peter's Boys High School and played college baseball at John Jay. Masahito Noto [sep] Knowledge2: Masahito Noto: Masahito Noto (能登 正人, Noto Masahito, born 10 April 1990) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a forward for Schwabo Tokyo.[2] ; Masahito Noto: Noto was born in Osaka, Japan, and has played for SV Gonsenheim, the Hannover 96 reserve team, Buriram United, and Chainat F.C. ; Masahito Noto: In 2023, Noto officially joined to Japanese amateur club, Schwabo Tokyo for 2023 season after departure from Nankatsu SC. ; Masahito Noto: This biographical article related to a Japanese association football forward, born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Masahito Noto: Masahito Noto (能登 正人, Noto Masahito, born 10 April 1990) is a Japanese footballer who plays as a forward for Schwabo Tokyo.[2]
Knowledge1:  Elias MacDonald (11 April 1898 – 4 April 1978) was an English footballer who played at outside left for various clubs in the 1920s. [sep] Knowledge2: Elias MacDonald: Elias MacDonald (11 April 1898 – 4 April 1978) was an English footballer who played at outside left for various clubs in the 1920s. ; Elias MacDonald: MacDonald was born in Beswick, Manchester and played his early football for  Ancoats Lads Club, as well as representing Manchester Schools. After leaving school, he was employed by Rolls-Royce at Derby[1] from where he joined Derby County in 1920, although he made no first-team appearances. The following year, he joined Burton All Saints where he was spotted by a scout from Southampton. ; Elias MacDonald: Described as a "fine winger",[1] he joined Southampton in May 1923, making his first-team debut in a Second Division match at home to Barnsley on 19 January 1924, when he replaced the injured Jimmy Carr. MacDonald retained his place on the left wing for the remainder of the season, in partnership with Cliff Price, but failed to score.[2] At the end of the season, he was placed on the transfer list at a fee of £250, but in June he moved to Southend United of the Third Division South, with the fee being waived.[1] ; Elias MacDonald: After a season at Southend, MacDonald moved to the Third Division North with Southport and then Doncaster Rovers, before settling at  Barrow in December 1926. Over the next three seasons, he was a virtual ever-present making 100 appearances for the Cumberland club before dropping down to non-league football in 1929.[1]
Knowledge1: Mikhail Vitalyevich Petrusyov (Михаил Витальевич Петрусёв; born 21 November 1994) is a Russian football player who plays for FC SKA Rostov-on-Don. Mikhail Petrusyov  Mikhail Vitalyevich Petrusyov (; born 21 November 1994) is a Russian football player. [sep] Knowledge2: Mikhail Petrusyov: Mikhail Vitalyevich Petrusyov (Russian: Михаил Витальевич Петрусёв; born 21 November 1994) is a Russian former football player. ; Mikhail Petrusyov: He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Dnepr Smolensk on 18 April 2011 in a game against FC Dynamo Kostroma.[1] ; Mikhail Petrusyov: He made his Russian Football National League debut for FC Khimki on 11 July 2016 in a game against FC Tosno. ; Mikhail Petrusyov: This biographical article related to a Russian association football midfielder born in 1994 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; File:Mikhail Petrusyov 2019.jpg: Original file ‎(405 × 927 pixels, file size: 120 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)
Knowledge1: Kwak Hee-Ju (born 5 October 1981) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender who last played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings. At first, he did not enjoy much success with the team, but since early of 2004, he has become one of the key players of defence of Suwon Samsung Bluewings. He was member of South Korea that parted East Asian Cup 2008 and World Cup qualifier of 2006 and 2010. Kwak Hee-ju  Kwak Hee-Ju (born 5 October 1981) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender who last played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings.  At first, he did not enjoy much success with the team, but since early of 2004, he has become one of the key players of defence of Suwon Samsung Bluewings.  He was member of South Korea that parted East Asian Cup 2008 and World Cup qualifier of 2006 and 2010. [sep] Knowledge2: Kwak Hee-ju: Kwak Hee-Ju (born 5 October 1981) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender who last played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings. ; Kwak Hee-ju: At first, he did not enjoy much success with the team, but since early of 2004, he has become one of the key players of defence of Suwon Samsung Bluewings. ; Kwak Hee-ju: He was member of South Korea that parted East Asian Cup 2008 and World Cup qualifier of 2006 and 2010. ; Kwak Hee-ju: This biographical article related to a South Korean association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Kwak Hee-Joo: Redirect to:
Knowledge1: Daniel James Parkinson is an English footballer who plays as a Midfielder. He currently plays for Barrow in the Conference North. Dan Parkinson (footballer)  Daniel James Parkinson is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder. He played in the Football League for Morecambe. [sep] Knowledge2: Dan Parkinson (footballer): Daniel James Parkinson is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder. He played in the Football League for Morecambe. ; Dan Parkinson (footballer): Parkinson came through the Morecambe youth academy to sign a one-year contract for the 2011–12 season.[2] He made his first team debut as an 89th-minute substitute for Kevin Ellison in a 2–0 win over Aldershot Town at the Globe Arena on 20 August 2011.[3] Three days later he was again a late replacement for Ellison in a 2–0 defeat to Millwall in a League Cup Second Round clash at The Den.[4] ; Dan Parkinson (footballer): Parkinson was released by Morecambe at the end of the 2012–13 season. He subsequently signed for Barrow of the Conference North.[5] ; Dan Parkinson: Dan Parkinson may refer to: ; Dan Parkinson (footballer): Daniel James Parkinson is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder. He played in the Football League for Morecambe.
Knowledge1:  William Wilkinson (born April 22, 1947) is a retired Canadian ice hockey coach. He coached the Wayne State Warriors men's ice hockey program for its entire 9-year existence at the Division I level. Prior to that, Wilkinson coach the Western Michigan for seventeen seasons. [sep] Knowledge2: Bill Wilkinson (athlete): William Wilkinson (born 1934), is a male former athlete who competed for England. ; Bill Wilkinson (athlete): Wilkinson was selected by England to represent his country in athletics events. He was late to athletics and gained his England debut during 1965 (aged 31) and when running for St Albans. ; Bill Wilkinson (athlete): He was selected for the 5,000 metres at the 1966 European Athletics Championships but had to withdraw through injury. Later the same year he represented England in the 3 miles event, at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica.[1][2][3] ; Bill Wilkinson (athlete): He was a member of the Saltwell Harriers Athletics Club and later the Bromsgrove and Redditch Club. ; Bill Wilkinson (athlete): He moved to live in Birmingham and was an electricity generating board engineer by trade.
Knowledge1: Oscar Roig Iglesias (born May 15, 1973) is a Catalan ski mountaineer. Roig was born in Barcelona. He started ski mountaineering in 2001. His first competition was the 2002 Certescan race. He has been a member of the Spanish national ski mountaineering team since 2007 and lives in Anyós, Andorra. He was placed seventh in the vertical race event of the 2007 European Championship. [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:WikiProject Biography/Article alerts/Deletion/Archive 9:  back to report
Knowledge1: Radoslav Rashkov (Радослав Рашков; born 18 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pavlikeni. Radoslav Rashkov  Radoslav Rashkov (; born 18 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pavlikeni. [sep] Knowledge2: Radoslav Rashkov: Radoslav Rashkov (Bulgarian: Радослав Рашков; born 18 April 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pavlikeni.[1][2] ; Radoslav Rashkov: Players: Top Trends; Radoslav Rashkov:  SOCCER MANAGER 2024 - Download; Radoslav Rashkov: Recent Changes; Radoslav Rashkov: Vote for Data Changes
Knowledge1: if necessary [sep] Knowledge2: 1994–95 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup: The 1994–95 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup was the 37th and second-to-last edition of FIBA Europe's international competition for women's basketball national champion clubs. It ran from 7 September 1994 to 23 March 1995. ; 1994–95 FIBA Women's European Champions Cup: Defending champion SG Comense won its second title beating defending PB Godella[1] in a rematch of the 1993 and 1994 finals. Comense was the fifth (and last to date) Italian team to win the competition after Geas Basket, Fiat Torino, AS Vicenza and Libertas Trogylos.[2] CSKA Moscow and US Valenciennes Olympic also reached the Final Four, with the Russians ranking third.[3] ; 1994–95 FIBA European Cup: *Thames Valley Tigers, Croatia Osiguranje, Budivelnyk, Žalgiris, Olympique Antibes, Bioveta Brno, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Danone Honvéd, Maes Flandria, Fidefinanz Bellinzona, Kärcher Hisings-Kärra, Pezoporikos Larnaca, ASK Brocēni and Baník Cígeľ Prievidza. ; 1994–95 FIBA European Cup: Seeded teams played games 2 and 3 at home. ; 1994–95 FIBA European Cup: March 14, Abdi İpekçi Arena, Istanbul
Knowledge1: sporting goods representative and a coach, both in athletics and football. He coached Olympic pole vaulter Claus Schiprowski, Reinhard Kuretzky and Günther Nickel, and later managed German Bundesliga side SC Fortuna Köln in football. Holdorf is the father of Dirk Holdorf, a former professional football player. Willi Holdorf Willi Holdorf (born 17 February 1940) is a retired West German athlete. In 1964 he won the first Olympic medal for Germany in decathlon and was named German Sportspersonality of the Year. In 1997, he became a member of the German Olympic Committee, and in 2011 inducted into the German Sports Hall [sep] Knowledge2: Willi Kirsei: Willi Kirsei (3 December 1902 – 20 December 1963) was a German international footballer.[1] ; Willi Kirsei: With 244 goals for Hertha Berlin, he is the club's record goalscorer.[2] ; Willi Kirsei: Willi Kirsei (3 December 1902 – 20 December 1963) was a German international footballer.[1]; Willi Kirsei: With 244 goals for Hertha Berlin, he is the club's record goalscorer.[2]; Willi Kirsei: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: Bobby Windsor  Robert William Windsor (born 31 January 1948 in Newport, Monmouthshire), known as Bobby and nicknamed "The Duke", is a former rugby union player who gained 28 rugby union caps for Wales as a hooker between 1973 and 1979. Windsor published his autobiography in October 2010 entitled 'The Iron Duke'. [sep] Knowledge2: Bobby Windsor (footballer): Robert "Bobby" Windsor (31 January 1926 – 2000) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Lincoln City.[1] ; Bobby Windsor (footballer): Windsor was born in Stoke-on-Trent and joined Stoke City during World War II.[1] He made two appearances for Stoke in 1943–44 and in 1944–45.[1] He made three appearances in 1945–46 and with the war coming to an end Windsor had the opportunity to being to push for a first team place.[1] But he was nowhere near good enough and played for the reserves for two seasons before joining Lincoln City.[1] He played two seasons for Lincoln playing 11 times scoring once against Sheffield Wednesday. He ended his career with non-league Wellington Town.[1] ; Bobby Windsor (footballer): This biographical article related to association football in England, about a forward born in the 1920s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Michael James Gibson (born Derby, 15 July 1939) is an English former professional footballer. He played for Shrewsbury Town, Bristol City and Gillingham between 1960 and 1974 making over 480 Football League appearances in the years since the Second World War. Michael Gibson  Michael Gibson may refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Michael Gibson: Michael Gibson may refer to: ; Michael Gibson (soccer): Michael Gibson (born 1 March 1963 in Australia) is an Australian soccer player who represented the Australia national soccer team on 7 (1 A-International and 6 B-Internationals) occasions. ; Michael Gibson (soccer): Over the course of his career Gibson turned out for St George Saints, Blacktown City Demons, Newcastle Breakers, Sydney Olympic, Bonnyrigg White Eagles, Marconi Stallions, Sydney United, Penrith City SC, Parramatta Power, Schofields Scorpions and Canterbury-Marrickville. Overall, he played 288 times in the Australian National Soccer League (NSL).[1] ; Michael Gibson (soccer): Gibson represented his nation on 7 occasions between 1985 and 1989 (1 A-International and 6 B-Internationals).[2][3] His sole A International appearance for Australia was on 9 March 1988 in an Olympic Games qualification match against Taiwan at Hindmarsh Stadium in Adelaide. Australia won the match 3–2.[4]
Knowledge1:  Davidson grew up in Dunblane and attended Dunblane High School from 1988 to 1994, for which he captained the football team. His performances for the team led to his being scouted. He also played tennis at the school, and was part of the team that won the Scottish Schools Championship, where he was coached under Judy Murray. He also represented Scotland in golf.  Born in Edinburgh, Davidson grew up in the small Borders town of Innerleithen where he played for the local sports club Leithen Vale, in the same team as Ross Campbell, who would go on to represent Hibernian and Dunfermline Athletic, and Steven Notman, who was to play for Hibernian and Berwick Rangers. The team was the most successful in the sports club's history, winning countless trophies both at home and abroad, and a number of the boys, including Davidson, went on to play at a higher level. [sep] Knowledge2: David Davidson: David Davidson may refer to: ; Dave Davidson (footballer): David Leighton Davidson (4 June 1905 – 30 May 1969[2]) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre half. ; Dave Davidson (footballer): Born in Aberdeen in June 1905, Davidson played club football for Garthdee, Aberdeen Argyle, Forfar Athletic,[3] Liverpool, Newcastle United, Hartlepools United and Gateshead.[2][4][5]
Knowledge1: pass breakups. It was a disappointing season in 2012, as "Momo" started in the first three games for the Rams before hurting his shoulder and ending his season. However, he got drafted by the Eagles, and participated in several Rookie Camps. Thomas signed with the Atlanta Falcons as an undrafted free agent on April 29, 2013. He was waived on May 9, 2013. Momo Thomas Gerard "Momo" Santwan Thomas (born April 14, 1990) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. After playing college football for Colorado State University, he was signed by the Falcons as an [sep] Knowledge2: Momo Wall Blamo Net Worth, Age, Height, Weight, Family, Wiki 2023 - Biography: Table of Contents; Momo Wall Blamo Net Worth, Age, Height, Weight, Family, Wiki 2023 - Biography: Momo Wall Blamo; Momo Wall Blamo Net Worth, Age, Height, Weight, Family, Wiki 2023 - Biography: Momo Wall Blamo is an Association Football Player who was born on January 02, 1974 in Nigeria. Want to more about him? In this article, we covered Momo Wall Blamo's net worth, wiki, bio, career, height, weight, pics, family, affairs, car, salary, age, facts, and other details in 2023. So let's get started...; Momo Wall Blamo Net Worth, Age, Height, Weight, Family, Wiki 2023 - Biography: Table of Contents (Quick Links); Momo Wall Blamo Net Worth, Age, Height, Weight, Family, Wiki 2023 - Biography: Do you wanna know Momo Wall Blamo's full Biodata? Momo Wall Blamo is an Association Football Player. He was born in Liberia on January 02, 1974. He is 49 years old. Take a look at the following table for more information.
Knowledge1:  Alexandru Bucur started playing rugby in 2009 at 15 years and a half with Romanian youth club Clubul Sportiv Școlar Bârlad and from 2012 he was selected to join another youth club, Clubul Sportiv Școlar 2 Siromex Baia Mare. After one year with Siromex Baia Mare, Alexandru signed on 2nd of July 2013 a contract with SuperLiga side CSM Baia Mare. [sep] Knowledge2: Alexandru Chiculiță: In 1996 Chiculiță retired as an athlete and became a coach at BNR Bucharest, where he trained future Olympic champion Mihai Covaliu. When BNR closed in 2002, he transferred with his star student to the newly reopened fencing section of CS Dinamo București, of which he is still a member as of 2014.[5] He also coached the men's national sabre team, before leaving this responsibility on Covaliu and taking charge of the women's national sabre team.[5] Under his coaching, Bianca Pascu qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics.[5]
Knowledge1: Irina Crasnoscioc, married Michailova (born August 13, 1981) is a Moldovan-Russian female professional basketball player. [sep] Knowledge2: Irina Crasnoscioc: Irina Crasnoscioc, married Michailova (born August 13, 1981) is a Moldovan-Russian female professional basketball player. ; Irina Crasnoscioc: This biographical article relating to a Russian basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Irina Crasnoscioc: Irina Crasnoscioc, coniugata Michajlova (Kišinev, 13 agosto 1981), è una cestista moldava con cittadinanza russa. ; Irina Crasnoscioc: Con la Moldavia ha disputato i Campionati europei del 1997. ; Irina Crasnoscioc: Altri progetti
Knowledge1:  Pete Perreault (March 1, 1939 – December 8, 2001 ) was an American football guard who played nine seasons of professional football. He played for the American Football League's New York Jets from 1963 through 1967, for the AFL's Cincinnati Bengals in 1968, then returned to the Jets in 1969. He also played for the National Football League's Jets in 1970 and the Minnesota Vikings in 1971. Peter W. Perrault was born in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts. He attended Shrewsbury High School, Cheshire Academy and Boston University. He was inducted into the Shrewsbury High School Athletic Hall of Fame in 1991, and is remembered in the Peter Perreault Student/Athlete Of The Year Scholarship Award, presented each year since 2003. [sep] Knowledge2: Louis Perrée: Louis Léonce Théophile Perrée (25 March 1871 in Paris – 1 March 1924 in Ivry-la-Bataille) was a French fencer who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century. He participated in Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris and won the silver medal in the epee.[1] He was defeated by Ramón Fonst in the final.
Knowledge1: 2012–13 Elon Phoenix men's basketball team  The 2012–13 Elon Phoenix men's basketball team represented Elon University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Phoenix, led by fourth year head coach Matt Matheny, played their home games at Alumni Gym and were members of the North Division of the Southern Conference. They finished the season 21–12, 13–5 in SoCon play to win the North Division championship. They advanced to the semifinals of the SoCon tournament where they lost to the College of Charleston. They were invited to the 2013 CIT, their first ever Division I postseason tournament appearance, where they lost in the first round to Canisius. [sep] Knowledge2: 2011–12 Elon Phoenix men's basketball team: The 2011–12 Elon Phoenix men's basketball team represents Elon University during the 2011–12 college basketball season. This is head coach Matt Matheny's third season at Elon. The Phoenix compete in the Southern Conference's North Division and play their home games at Alumni Gym.
Knowledge1: Born in Mexico City, García began his career in the youth ranks of local side Toluca. He played in the Toulon Tournament in 1978, and after returning had spells in the Segunda División with Azucareros de Córdoba and Veracruz. He made his Primera División debut with Toluca in 1982, and he played as a right-back for the club until 1987. García finished his career with Correcaminos, suffering a hip injury which forced him to retire in 1988. [sep] Knowledge2: Gustavo García (1980s footballer): Born in Mexico City, García began his career in the youth ranks of local side Toluca. He played in the Toulon Tournament in 1978, and after returning had spells in the Segunda División with Azucareros de Córdoba and Veracruz. He made his Primera División debut with Toluca in 1982, and he played as a right-back for the club until 1987.[1] García finished his career with Correcaminos, suffering a hip injury which forced him to retire in 1988.[2]
Knowledge1: not contested due to World War II Speed Skating World Championships [sep] Knowledge2: FIBT World Championships 1939: The FIBT World Championships 1939 took place in St. Moritz, Switzerland (Two-man) and Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy (Four-man). St. Moritz hosted the two-man event for the second time after hosting it previously in 1938, along with hosting the four-man event in 1931, 1935, and 1937. Cortina d'Ampezzo hosted the two-man event previously in 1937. It was the last world championships that would be held prior to World War II and the last that would be held with bobsleigh events in separate locations until 2000 when the two-woman event debuted that year.
Knowledge1: Francis "Frank" Cornan (5 May 1880 – 31 May 1971) was an English professional footballer born in Sunderland, who played as an inside left or left half. He made 165 appearances in the Football League playing for Barnsley (in three separate spells), Birmingham and Aston Villa. He died in Halifax, West Yorkshire, aged 91. [sep] Knowledge2: Frank Cornan: Francis Cornan (5 May 1880 – 31 May 1971) was an English professional footballer born in Sunderland, who played as an inside left or left half. He made 165 appearances in the Football League playing for Barnsley (in three separate spells), Birmingham and Aston Villa. He died in Halifax, West Yorkshire, aged 91.
Knowledge1: win against Israel. FCM Târgu Mureș Pandurii Târgu Jiu Dinamo București Paul Anton Paul Viorel Anton (; born 10 May 1991) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Russian club Krylia Sovetov Samara. In 2008, Anton began his career with his hometown club Gloria Bistrița, being promoted from the juniors. In the same year, he was loaned to Delta Tulcea, where he played a season and scored 4 goals in 27 Liga II matches. However, after the loan to Delta Tulcea, Anton was sent to the Gloria Bistrița's reserves, where he played a season, after [sep] Knowledge2: CSM Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț: It played for many years in the second league, except for a Divizia C season in 1979–1980. Coached by Petre Steinbach, the team finished seventh in 1965–66, ninth in 1966–67, and fifth in 1967–68 and 1968–69.[5] After Steinbach's departure, the team finished 12th in 1969–70, eighth in 1970–71, 10th in 1971–72, 13th in 1972–73 and sixth in 1973–74.[4]
Knowledge1:  The 1973 Virginia Slims Championships were the second season-ending WTA Tour Championships, the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1973 Virginia Slims circuit which was part of the 1973 WTA Tour. It was held from October 15 to 23, 1973 at the Boca Raton Hotel & Club in Boca Raton, United States. Both the top two qualifying players and top seeds Margaret Court and Billie Jean King had to withdraw from the tournament due to injury, although Court did compete (and win) in the doubles event. Fourth ranked Evonne Goolagong also defaulted. First-seeded Chris Evert won her second consecutive singles title at the event. [sep] Knowledge2: 1973 Virginia Slims of Fort Lauderdale: The 1973 Virginia Slims of Fort Lauderdale, also known as the S&H Green Stamp Tennis Classic,  was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in the United States that was part of the 1973 Women's Grand Prix Circuit (A class). It was the third edition of the tournament and was held from February 26 through March 4, 1973. First-seeded Chris Evert won the singles title.[1][2] ; 1973 Virginia Slims of Fort Lauderdale:  Chris Evert defeated  Virginia Wade 6–1, 6–2 ; 1973 Virginia Slims of Fort Lauderdale:  Gail Sherriff /  Virginia Wade defeated  Evonne Goolagong /  Janet Young 4–6, 6–3, 6–2
Knowledge1: Shahrul Azhar bin Ture (born 15 September 1985) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Malaysia Super League club PKNS. [sep] Knowledge2: Shahrul Azhar Ture: Shahrul Azhar bin Ture (born 15 September 1985)[4] is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Malaysia Super League club PKNS. ; Shahrul Azhar Ture: This biographical article related to Malaysian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Shahrul Azhar Ture: Shahrul Azhar bin Ture (lahir 15 September 1985)[4] adalah Malaysia pemain bola sepak Malaysia yang bermain sebagai seorang pemain tengah untuk kelab PKNS. ; Shahrul Azhar Ture: Shahrul Azhar bin Ture (born 15 September 1985)[4] is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Malaysia Super League club PKNS.; Shahrul Azhar Ture: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: The 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of rugby union matches played by the France national team in Argentina. It was the first official visit of a European team in South America. Between the two test match was played an exhibition match between two mixed teams both formed of Argentinian and French Team. The "Blancos" (White) won against "Colorados" (Red) (24–14). Many referee were British people who lived in Argentina. [sep] Knowledge2: 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina: The 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina was a series of rugby union matches played by the France national team in Argentina. It was the first official visit of a European team in South America.[1] ; 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina: Between the two test match was played an exhibition match between two mixed teams both formed of Argentinian and French Team. The "Blancos" (White) won against "Colorados" (Red) (24–14). Many referee were British people who lived in Argentina. ; 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina: Complete list of matches played by France in Argentina:[2] ; 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina:   Test matches ; 1949 France rugby union tour of Argentina:  Provincia: R. del Molino Torres, E. Caffarone, A. Dones, A. Palma, L. Ehrman, R. Giles, G. Ehrman, N_ Tompkins, M. Sarandón, R. Allen, E. Domínguez, A. Castelnuovo, J. Petrone, C. Swain, R. Follet.  France: N. Baudry, M. Pomathios, P. Dizabo, J. Lassegue, G. Dufau, Y. Bergougnan, Prat, G. Basquet, J. Matheu, J. Soro, Al. Moga, L. Caron, M. Jol, E. Buzy.
Knowledge1: Maximiliano Pablo Cuberas Escalas (born 16 August 1973 in Villada, Santa Fe), known as Maximiliano Cuberas, is an Argentine football defender who retired playing for Ferro Carril Oeste. [sep] Knowledge2: Maximiliano Cuberas: Maximiliano Pablo Cuberas Escalas (born 16 August 1973 in Villada, Santa Fe), known as Maximiliano Cuberas, is an Argentine football defender who retired playing for Ferro Carril Oeste. ; Maximiliano Cuberas: This biographical article related to association football in Argentina, about a defender born in the 1970s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Maximiliano Cuberas: 1 copa de Campeones CONCACAF, 1 liga mexicana de Primera División, 1 copa mexicana, 1 ascenso a Primera División argentina ; Maximiliano Cuberas: Maximiliano Pablo Cuberas (Villada, 16 de agosto de 1973) es un exfutbolista argentino. Se desempeñaba como defensor o mediocampista y su primer club fue Rosario Central. Actualmente integra el cuerpo técnico de Luis Zubeldía. ; Maximiliano Cuberas: Maximiliano Pablo Cuberas Escalas (born 16 August 1973 in Villada, Santa Fe), known as Maximiliano Cuberas, is an Argentine football defender who retired playing for Ferro Carril Oeste.
Knowledge1: 50 minutes ; Replay if scores level ; Maximum of 3 substitutions MATCH RULES All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1970  The 1970 All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship for the leading clubs in the women's team field sport of camogie was won for the third year in succession by St Paul’s from Kilkenny, who defeated Bellaghy from Derry in the final, played at Bellaghy . [sep] Knowledge2: All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1970: The 1970 All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship for the leading clubs in the women's team field sport of camogie was won for the third year in succession by St Paul’s from Kilkenny, who defeated Bellaghy from Derry in the final, played at Bellaghy .[1][2] ; All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1970: The championship was organised on the traditional provincial system used in Gaelic Games since the 1880s, with South Pres and Breaffy winning the championships of the other two provinces. ; All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship 1970: After an uncertain start they gave a magnificent display of camogie before what was, very fittingly, the biggest crowd ever mustered for one of these club championship finals.
Knowledge1: Alexei Mikhailovich Ugarov (Алексей Михайлович Угаров; born November 2, 1985) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He previously played three seasons for HC Nizhnekamsk Neftekhimik in the Russian Super League. Ugarov was selected for the Belarus national men's ice hockey team in the 2010 Winter Olympics. He also participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus National men's ice hockey team. [sep] Knowledge2: Alexei Ugarov: Alexei Mikhailovich Ugarov (Russian: Алексей Михайлович Угаров; born November 2, 1985) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He previously played three seasons for HC Nizhnekamsk Neftekhimik in the Russian Super League. ; Alexei Ugarov: Ugarov was selected for the Belarus national men's ice hockey team in the 2010 Winter Olympics. He also participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus National men's ice hockey team.[1] ; Alexei Ugarov:  Media related to Alexei Ugarov at Wikimedia Commons ; Alexei Ugarov: This Belarusian biographical article relating to ice hockey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  Alexei Ugarov : Alexei Mikhailovich Ugarov (Russian: Алексей Михайлович Угаров) (born  2 January 1985 in Minsk, Byelorussian SSR) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey forward. He currently plays for HC MVD of the Kontinental Hockey League. He previously played three seasons for HC Nizhnekamsk Neftekhimik in the Russian Super League.
Knowledge1:  Duncan Lambie (20 April 1952 – December 2015) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee, St Johnstone, SpVgg. Fürth, and Hibernian. [sep] Knowledge2: Duncan Lambie: Duncan Lambie (20 April 1952 – December 2015) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee, St Johnstone, SpVgg. Fürth, and Hibernian.[1][2] ; Duncan Lambie: Duncan Lambie (Whitburn, 20 april, 1952 – december 2015) was een Schots voetballer, Lambie speelde voor Dundee, St. Johnstone, SpVgg Greuther Fürth en Hibernian.[1] ; Duncan Lambie: Duncan Lambie (20 April 1952 – December 2015) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee, St Johnstone, SpVgg. Fürth, and Hibernian.[1][2]
Knowledge1: Top lista nadrealista  Top lista nadrealista ("The Top List of the Surrealists", sometimes "The Surrealists' Chart Toppers")—also known as TLN or Nadrealisti ("Surrealists")—is a Yugoslav sketch comedy and variety television show. Produced by TV Sarajevo, it aired on the nationwide Yugoslav Radio Television (JRT) public broadcasting system in three separate instalments between 1984 and 1991, having originated from a weekly fifteen-minute local radio comedy segment that was part of the "Primus" program on Radio Sarajevo's channel two from 1979 until 1985.  In 1984, after establishing a core radio audience locally in the city of Sarajevo, "Top lista nadrealista" radio segment got spun off into a television sketch series. Two more series on television followed, in 1989 and 1991, making household names of its protagonists all over SFR Yugoslavia and helping launch and solidify successful television, film, and musical careers for some of them (most notably Nele Karajlić and Branko "Đuro" Đurić).  Although eventually best known for insightful and often prophetic political humour, "TLN" initially relied mostly on its protagonists' youthful improvisation and ad-libbing for laughs while staying away from politics entirely. Towards the late 1980s and into the early 1990s—during the show's second and third series, respectively—a period during which some of its most memorable and enduring sketches were created, "Top lista nadrealista" incorporated political satire while infusing their social satire with additional surrealist and black comedy. The show's 1989-1991 popularity is reflected in some of its sketches' language and phrasing entering public vernacular (see Hrkljuš). In the late 1980s and early 1990s, a number of "TLN" sketches dealt with the deteriorating political situation in Yugoslavia that turned out to be a prelude to the Yugoslav Wars with some sketches proving prophetic, portraying a dystopian near-future—featuring the Yugoslav state being disintegrated, the city of Sarajevo divided between different newly-established states, a single family split into two clans warring over control of rooms in their apartment, UN peacekeeping forces adding fuel to the conflict, etc.—years before it became reality.  In the context of the Yugoslav Wars that had already begun as the show's third series was being filmed, "Nadrealisti" held a clear pacifist posture, often using absurdity and dark hyperbole when portraying rising ethnic tensions and imminent war in SR Bosnia and Herzegovina (e.g. warning that "peace may break out and ruin Bosnian harmonious war" or giving alarming instructions on "how the public should act in case of peace"). [sep] Knowledge2: Saša Janić: Er brachte es dort aber genau so wenig zum Stammspieler wie danach (ab 2003) in Unterhaching und (ab 2004) beim FC Augsburg. Mit dem Start der Saison 2006/2007 schloss er sich wieder dem SSV Reutlingen[1] an, wo er sofort wieder zu einem wichtigen Bestandteil der Mannschaft wurde und seinen Teil zum Klassenerhalt in der Regionalliga beitrug. Zur Saison 2008/09 wechselte Janić erneut zu den Stuttgarter Kickers,[2] für die er in der neu gegründeten 3. Liga spielte. Nach dem Abstieg mit den Stuttgarter Kickers in die Regionalliga beendete er im Sommer 2009 seine Karriere.
Knowledge1: Anthony (Tony) Wagstaff (born 19 February 1944 in Wombwell) was an English footballer who played for Reading and Sheffield United in the position of Midfielder. Wagstaff became an apprentice at Bramall Lane in June 1960, turning professional in March 1961. Following promotion to Division One in April 1961, he debuted in a 4–1 home win against Middlesbrough at Bramall Lane on 29 April 1961, in the final match of 1960-61 season. Wagstaff was not a regular in the Sheffield United first team until the latter stages of season 1962-63 when he netted four goals in 15 league appearances, including the winner in a 1–0 victory at Birmingham City on 23 March 1963. In 1963-64, he scored 9 times in 37   matches, which was the best scoring spell of his career. Many believed that his apparent lack of pace and power reduced the effectiveness of such a skilled player. When his brother Barry made the Blades first team, the pair were often in and out of the side. By the time United were relegated to Division Two in 1968, Tony's appearances had become very limited and the Wagstaffs were sold to Reading for a combined fee of £17,500. Tony had played 157 competitive games (138 league games) for Sheffield United scoring 21 (19 league) goals in all. Tony stayed at Reading until 1973, making 185 competitive appearances (166 league games) and scoring 6 times (5 league goals) for the Royals. [sep] Knowledge2: Tony Wagstaff: Anthony Wagstaff (born 19 February 1944 in Wombwell) is an English former footballer who played for Reading and Sheffield United in the position of midfielder. ; Tony Wagstaff: Wagstaff became an apprentice at Bramall Lane in June 1960, turning professional in March 1961. Following promotion to Division One in April 1961, he debuted in a 4–1 home win against Middlesbrough at Bramall Lane on 29 April 1961,[1] in the final match of 1960-61 season. Wagstaff was not a regular in the Sheffield United first team until the latter stages of season 1962-63 when he netted four goals in 15 league appearances, including the winner in a 1–0 victory at Birmingham City on 23 March 1963.[1] ; Tony Wagstaff: In 1963-64, he scored 9 times in 37 league matches, which was the best scoring spell of his career. Many[who?] believed that his apparent lack of pace and power reduced the effectiveness of such a skilled player. ; Tony Wagstaff: When his brother Barry made Sheffield United's first team, the pair were often in and out of the side. By the time the team were relegated to Division Two in 1968, Tony's appearances had become very limited and the Wagstaffs were sold to Reading for a combined fee of £17,500. Tony had played 157 competitive games (138 league games) for Sheffield United scoring 21 (19 league) goals in all. ; Tony Wagstaff: Tony stayed at Reading until 1973, making 185 competitive appearances (166 league games) and scoring 6 times (5 league goals).
Knowledge1: George Marcus Burley (born 23 December 1900) was an English professional footballer who played predominantly as a centre forward. Born in West Ham, he started his career with Ellesmere Port and later played for Chester. In October 1926, Burley was signed by Football League First Division side Burnley. He made his debut for the club in the goalless draw with Bury on 6 November 1926. Burley made only one more appearance during the 1926–27, deputising for Joe Devine in the 0–2 defeat away at Huddersfield Town on 12 March 1927. He again made just two league appearances in the following campaign. Burley played his last competitive match for Burnley on 8 February 1928 in the 1–3 loss to Aston Villa, a game which saw Archie Heslop and Joe Mantle make their debuts for the club. Burley remained at Turf Moor until July 1929, when he left to sign for Colwyn Bay. He later played for Stalybridge Celtic and had a second spell at Chester.  He played professional football for Middlesbrough F.C. from 1949 until 1951. [sep] Knowledge2: George Burley: Burley's managerial career began in 1990 with Ayr United and has since spent spells at seven different clubs, including an eight-year spell back at Ipswich Town as manager, which included a promotion to the Premier League and guiding the club to a fifth place league finish at that level. On 24 January 2008 he was appointed manager of the Scotland national team. He was sacked on 16 November 2009, following a 3–0 defeat to Wales.[3] ; George Burley: His nephew, Craig, is also a former Scotland international footballer. ; George Burley: Burley was born in Cumnock, East Ayrshire.[2] He joined Ipswich Town in 1972 as an apprentice and made his senior debut against Manchester United at Old Trafford in 1973, being given the job of marking George Best. In 1978, he was a member of the Ipswich side which upset the odds to defeat Arsenal 1–0 in the FA Cup final. However, in 1981 injury forced him out of Ipswich's UEFA Cup final triumph over AZ Alkmaar. Town missed out on the First Division title on the last day of the season, finishing runners-up to Aston Villa. ; George Burley: In 1985, he joined Sunderland after making 500 appearances for Ipswich, and was part of the Sunderland team that slipped into the Third Division in 1987, only to win promotion a year later. ; George Burley: He played for Gillingham in the 1988–89 season, but was unable to prevent them from being relegated to the Fourth Division. He moved back to Scotland in 1989 to play for Motherwell.
Knowledge1: Guilherme Andrade da Silva, commonly known as Guilherme Andrade, (born 31 January 1989 in Montes Claros) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Barretos. [sep] Knowledge2: Guilherme Andrade: Guilherme Andrade da Silva, commonly known as Guilherme Andrade, (born 31 January 1989 in Montes Claros) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Barretos. ; Guilherme Andrade: FIFA Club World Cup ; Guilherme Andrade: This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Guilherme Andrade: Players: Top Trends; Guilherme Andrade:  SOCCER MANAGER 2024 - Download
Knowledge1: Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan (née Tufan on 8 August 1964) is a retired Romanian foil fencer. She competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympics and won a silver and a bronze team medal in 1984 and 1992, respectively. Her best individual result was fourth place in 1984. She won the individual world title in 1987 and team silver medals in 1987, 1993 and 1995. After retiring from competitions she worked as a fencing coach in Milan, Italy. [sep] Knowledge2: Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan: Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan (née Tufan on 8 August 1964) is a retired Romanian foil fencer. She competed at the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympics and won a silver and a bronze team medal in 1984 and 1992, respectively. Her best individual result was fourth place in 1984. She won the individual world title in 1987 and team silver medals in 1987, 1993 and 1995. After retiring from competitions she worked as a fencing coach in Milan, Italy. ; Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan: This article about a Romanian Olympic medalist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan: This biographical article related to fencing in Romania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan: Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan (Bucarest, 8 agosto 1964) è un'ex schermitrice rumena, specialista del fioretto, vincitrice di una medaglia d'argento ed una di bronzo nella scherma ai Giochi olimpici. ; Elisabeta Guzganu-Tufan: Altri progetti
Knowledge1:  Pablo Aguilar Bermúdez (born 9 February 1989) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Kawasaki Brave Thunders of the B.League. He plays the power forward position.  Pablo Aguilar (born 13 September 1984) is an Argentine football right back currently playing for San Martín San Juan. Aguilar made his professional debut in 2003 playing for Chacarita Juniors in the Argentine Primera División. At the end of the 2003–2004 season Chacarita were relegated, but Argilar stayed with the club in the 2nd division until 2007 when he joined Newell's Old Boys. He became a Mexican naturalised citizen. [sep] Knowledge2: Pablo Aguilar (footballer, born 1987): From March to July 2017, Aguilar served a ten-match suspension after head-butting a referee. ; Pablo Aguilar (footballer, born 1987): Aguilar won the Paraguayan Primera División title with his first club, Sportivo Luqueño, in 2007. He then transferred to Argentine Primera División side Colón de Santa Fe, where he played for one year. Subsequently, Aguilar played for San Luis of the Mexican Primera División, before joining Argentine Primera's side Arsenal de Sarandí.[2] ; Pablo Aguilar (footballer, born 1987): In 2012, Aguilar was sent on loan to Club Tijuana. He started in 20 matches for the club during the Apertura tournament, which Tijuana won, defeating Toluca in the final, even scoring one of the goals himself. ; Pablo Aguilar (footballer, born 1987): On 18 December 2013, it was announced that Aguilar was transferred to Club América, with the announcement being made on the club's Twitter account. On 8 March 2017, during the Copa MX round-of-16 match against Tijuana, Aguilar headbutted referee Fernando Hernández. Despite initially being given a ten-game suspension, a strike by the referee's association protesting the punishments of Aguilar and Enrique Triverio of Toluca[3] ultimately led to a revised year-long ban for Aguilar from any official football activity.[4][5] On 31 March, it was reported that both Aguilar and Triverio would appeal their bans to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.[6] ; Pablo Aguilar (footballer, born 1987): In the summer of 2018, Aguilar officially became a player for Cruz Azul. On 21 July 2018, Aguilar debuted in a 3–0 victory against Puebla and played the 90 minutes.
Knowledge1:  Born in Yugoslavia, Paunović started playing football for local side KFK Radnički, helping them achieve promotion to the Yugoslav First League in 1969. He would join fellow First League side FK Partizan for the 1976–77 season. In 1977, Paunović moved to Turkey, joining Süper Lig side Beşiktaş J.K. for two seasons. He made 55 appearances and scored 22 goals in the league for the club. The Turkish Football Federation imposed a ban on foreign players in the league beginning in 1979, so Paunović returned to Yugoslavia to finish his career with KFK Radnički. [sep] Knowledge2: www.wiki3.en-us.nina.az: Sava Paunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Пауновић; born 1947) is a former football forward who played in Yugoslavia and Turkey.
Knowledge1:  The format for the playoffs is the same as the 2008–09 NISL format. The first place team in the season will get a bye into the finals, while the second and third place teams play a two-game, home-and-home, series, with a third golden goal game taking place at the second place team's home if needed. [sep] Knowledge2: 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season: The 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League is the inaugural season for the league and the 31st anniversary of professional Division 1 indoor soccer in the United States. The members of the NISL's first season are the Baltimore Blast, the Massachusetts Twisters, the Monterrey La Raza, the Philadelphia KiXX, and the Rockford Rampage. The Orlando Sharks were supposed to play, but due to scheduling conflicts with the Amway Arena the Twisters took the Sharks' spot for the season. ; 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season: The league kicked off on November 15, 2008 with the Philadelphia KiXX defeating the Massachusetts Twisters 34-11 and the Baltimore Blast defeating the Rockford Rampage 14-4. The regular season concluded March 29, 2009. ; 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season: Blue indicates bye into the NISL Championship Green indicates playoff berth clinched ; 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season: Friday, 10:35PM EST, April 3, 2009 at Monterrey Arena in Monterrey, Nuevo León ; 2008–09 National Indoor Soccer League season: Sunday, 5:35PM EST, April 5, 2009 at Rockford MetroCentre in Rockford, Illinois
Knowledge1:  The Austrian Football Bundesliga of 1994–95 was organised by the Austrian Football Association (ÖFB). The Austrian First League served as a stepping stone for promotion to the 1. Bundesliga. The Regional Leagues acted as a third step on the footballing ladder, East (Vienna, Lower Austria and Burgenland), Central (Mitte) (Carinthia, Upper Austria, and Styria) and West (Salzburg, Tirol, and Vorarlberg). [sep] Knowledge2: Fußball-Bundesliga 1994/95: ← 1963/64 | 1964/65 | 1965/66 | 1966/67 | 1967/68 | 1968/69 | 1969/70 | 1970/71 | 1971/72 | 1972/73 | 1973/74 | 1974/75 | 1975/76 | 1976/77 | 1977/78 | 1978/79 | 1979/80 | 1980/81 | 1981/82 | 1982/83 | 1983/84 | 1984/85 | 1985/86 | 1986/87 | 1987/88 | 1988/89 | 1989/90 | 1990/91 | 1991/92 | 1992/93 | 1993/94 | 1994/95 | 1995/96 | 1996/97 | 1997/98 | 1998/99 | 1999/2000 | 2000/01 | 2001/02 | 2002/03 | 2003/04 | 2004/05 | 2005/06 | 2006/07 | 2007/08 | 2008/09 | 2009/10 | 2010/11 | 2011/12 | 2012/13 | 2013/14 | 2014/15 | 2015/16 | 2016/17 | 2017/18 | 2018/19 | 2019/20 | 2020/21 | 2021/22 | 2022/23 | 2023/24 | 2024/25 ; Fußball-Bundesliga 1994/95: Bundesliga | 2. Bundesliga | Regionalliga | Amateurmeisterschaft Oberligen:  Baden-Württemberg | Bayern | Hessen | Nord | Nordost | Nordrhein | Südwest | Westfalen ; Fußball-Bundesliga 1994/95: Pokalwettbewerbe: DFB-Pokal | DFB-Supercup | Verbandspokale ; Fußball-Bundesliga 1994/95: Junioren: Meisterschaft der A-Junioren | Meisterschaft der B-Junioren | DFB-Jugend-Kicker-Pokal ; Fußball-Bundesliga 1994/95: Bundesliga | Regionalliga
Knowledge1: Roberto Clemente  Roberto Enrique Clemente Walker (; August 18, 1934 – December 31, 1972) was a Puerto Rican professional baseball right fielder who played 18 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Pittsburgh Pirates. After his early death, he was posthumously inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1973, becoming both the first Caribbean and the first Latin-American player to be enshrined. Because he died at a young age and had such a historic career, the Hall of Fame changed its rules of eligibility. As an alternative to a player having to be retired for five years before eligibility, a player who has been deceased for at least six months is eligible for entry.  Clemente was an All-Star for 13 seasons, selected to 15 All-Star Games. He was the National League (NL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) in 1966, the NL batting leader in 1961, 1964, 1965, and 1967, and a Gold Glove Award winner for 12 consecutive seasons from 1961 through 1972. His batting average was over .300 for 13 seasons and he had 3,000 hits during his major league career. He also was a two-time World Series champion. Clemente was the first player from the Caribbean and Latin America to win a World Series as a starting position player (1960), to receive an NL MVP Award (1966), and to receive a World Series MVP Award (1971).  Clemente was involved in charity work in Latin American and Caribbean countries during the off-seasons. He often delivered baseball equipment and food to those in need. In 1972, he died in a plane crash at the age of 38 while en route to deliver aid to victims of the Nicaragua earthquake. The following season, the Pirates retired his uniform number 21, and MLB renamed its annual Commissioner's Award in his honor. Now known as the Roberto Clemente Award, it is given to the player who "best exemplifies the game of baseball, sportsmanship, community involvement and the individual's contribution to his team." [sep] Knowledge2: Juan López Hita: Juan López Hita, plus connu comme Juan Hita, né à Algésiras (Andalousie, Espagne) le 5 septembre 1944 et décédé dans la même ville le 11 juin 2014[1], est un footballeur international espagnol. Il jouait au poste de défenseur latéral gauche avec Algeciras CF et Séville FC. Il a joué trois matchs avec l'équipe d'Espagne.
Knowledge1: Livia Altmann  Livia Altmann (born 13 December 1994) is a Swiss ice hockey player for Colgate Raiders and the Switzerland women's national ice hockey team.  She has represented Switzerland at the Winter Olympics in 2014 and won the bronze medal after defeating Sweden in the bronze medal playoff. [sep] Knowledge2: Livia Altmann: Livia Altmann (born 13 December 1994) is a Swiss ice hockey player for Colgate Raiders and the Switzerland women's national ice hockey team.[1] ; Livia Altmann: She has represented Switzerland at the Winter Olympics in 2014 and won the bronze medal after defeating Sweden in the bronze medal playoff.[2] ; Livia Altmann: This Swiss biographical article relating to ice hockey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Granada Lions is an American football team based in Granada, Andalusia, Spain.  The team was established February 2, 2001 as Granada Universitarios. The name was later changed to the actual Lions, after one of the better known symbols from the Alhambra, the Court of the Lions, in order to represent the whole city of Granada. After playing in regional leagues, they joined the national league LNFA 2 in 2004. Finally, in 2006, the team was promoted to the top league in Spain, the LNFA, where they keep competing. [sep] Knowledge2: Granada Lions: Granada Lions is an American football team based in Granada, Andalusia, Spain. ; Granada Lions: The team was established February 2, 2001 as Granada Universitarios.[1] The name was later changed to the actual Lions, after one of the better known symbols from the Alhambra, the Court of the Lions, in order to represent the whole city of Granada.[2] ; Granada Lions: After playing in regional leagues, they joined the national league LNFA 2 in 2004. ; Granada Lions: Finally, in 2006, the team was promoted to the top league in Spain, the LNFA, where they keep competing. ; Granada Lions: I Granada Lions sono la squadra di football americano di Granada, in Spagna.
Knowledge1:  Francino Rousseu Francis (born 18 January 1987) is a Jamaican footballer who is currently player-manager for West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division side Wolverhampton Sporting, his position is defender. [sep] Knowledge2: Trevor Francis: Nottingham Forest, the reigning First Division champions and League Cup holders managed by Brian Clough, put in a bid for Francis which totalled just over £1 million. No player had ever been sold between English clubs for a seven-figure fee before (the erstwhile record was less than half), and the deal was sealed, with Francis famously being introduced to the media by a manager impatient to play squash; Clough was in his red gym kit and carrying a racquet as he addressed the press conference.[14][15]
Knowledge1: that played at the 1984 Olympic Games held in Los Angeles. Galagarza is a son of Carlos Luis Víquez Jiménez and Elizabeth Galagarza Calderón. He is divorced and has 3 children. Luis Galagarza Luis Enrique Víquez Galagarza (born 15 August 1963) is a retired Costa Rican footballer. Born in Puntarenas, Galagarza made his professional debut for local side Puntarenas in the Primera Division de Costa Rica on 25 October 1981 against Limonense and won the league title during the 1986–1987 season. The burly midfielder also played for San Carlos and Guanacasteca. He retired after a game on 28 September 1997 [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:WikiProject Biography/Sports and games/Article alerts/Archive 15:  back to report
Knowledge1: Luis Eduardo Maldonado (born March 26, 1985 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Rampla Juniors.  Luis Alberto Maldonado Morocho (born 15 May 1996) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Italian club Catania. [sep] Knowledge2: Luis Maldonado: Luis Eduardo Maldonado Presa (Montevideo, Uruguay; 26 de marzo de 1985) es un futbolista uruguayo. Juega como defensa central y su equipo actual es el Real Tomayapo de la Primera División de Bolivia. ; Luis Maldonado: Luis Maldonado, vollständiger Name Luis Eduardo Maldonado Presa, (* 26. März 1985[1] in Montevideo[2]) ist ein uruguayischer Fußballspieler.
Knowledge1: Afyonkarahisarspor was a sports club located in Afyonkarahisar, Turkey. The football club played in the Regional Amateur League. Afyonkarahisarspor  Afyonkarahisarspor was a sports club located in Afyonkarahisar, Turkey. The football club played in the Regional Amateur League. [sep] Knowledge2: Afyonkarahisarspor: Afyonkarahisarspor is a former football team that was founded in 2005 and closed down in the middle of the 2012-2013 season when it withdrew from the Regional Amateur League. ; Afyonkarahisarspor: Afyonkarahisarspor, which was founded with the change of name of Afyon Şekerspor, which was promoted to the 3rd League before the 2005-2006 season, when Yeni Afyonspor was closed in 2004, was founded with purple-white colors as a continuation of  Afyonspor, but withdrew from the Regional Amateur League on February 1, 2013. 3rd time closed. ; Afyonkarahisarspor: He played his matches in Afyon Atatürk Stadium with a capacity of 10,000 people. Their color comes from purple-white, which is also the color of the poppy flower. ; Afyonkarahisarspor: This article about a Turkish football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The women's K-4 500 metres sprint canoeing competition at the 2014 Asian Games in Hanam was held from 29 September at the Misari Canoe/Kayak Center. [sep] Knowledge2: Canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games – Women's K-4 500 metres: The women's K-4 500 metres sprint canoeing competition at the 2014 Asian Games in Hanam was held from 29 September at the Misari Canoe/Kayak Center. ; Canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games – Women's K-4 500 metres: All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00) ; Canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games: Canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Hanam Misari Canoe/Kayak Center, Hanam, South Korea from September 27 to October 2, 2014. There were sprints and a slalom on flat water and not an artificial canoe slalom course. ; Canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games – Women's K-1 500 metres: All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Knowledge1:  Thomas Naglieri (born 14 September 1985) is an athlete from France. He competes in archery. Naglieri competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in men's individual archery. He was defeated in the first round of elimination, placing 60th overall. Naglieri was also a member of the 10th-place French men's archery team at the 2004 Summer Olympics. On the 15th of August 2020, Naglieri declared his candidacy for President of the Fédération Française de Tir à l'Arc (FFTA). [sep] Knowledge2: Andres Bottiglieri: Yusuf Karakuzu
Knowledge1: Hermann Gadner was an Austrian cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km at the 1933 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Innsbruck. [sep] Knowledge2: Hermann Gadner: Hermann Gadner was an Austrian cross-country skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km at the 1933 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Innsbruck. ; Hermann Gadner: This biographical article relating to Austrian cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Hermann Gadner: Cet article est une ébauche concernant le ski de fond et un sportif autrichien. ; Hermann Gadner: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants. ; Hermann Gadner: modifier - modifier le code - modifier Wikidata
Knowledge1: based, HC Lev Praha on September 27, 2012. After 21 games with Lev Praha for 7 points, Skoula was placed on the unprotected list and went unclaimed. He was then reassigned to join hometown club, HC Stadion Litoměřice, of the 1. národní hokejová liga on December 26, 2012. On April 21, 2013, Skoula signed as a free agent to return to the KHL with HC Slovan Bratislava on a one-year contract. In the 2013–14 season, Skoula was one of only four Bratislava players to appear in every game with 54, helping contribute from the blueline with 13 points. He was [sep] Knowledge2: Radoslav Školník: Last updated: 28 December 2009
Knowledge1:  Gábor Császár (born 16 June 1984) is a Hungarian handball player for Kadetten Schaffhausen and the Hungarian national team. He made his full international debut on 17 January 2004 against Saudi Arabia. Just a few days later he was selected for the squad that represented Hungary on the 2004 European Championship. He participated on further six European Championships (2006, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, 2018) and was also present on six World Championships (2007, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2017, 2019). In addition, he was member of the Hungarian team that finished fourth at the 2004 Olympic Games and the team that finished fourth at the 2012 Summer Olympics. [sep] Knowledge2: Teqball: The OCA, the National Olympic Committee of Thailand and the AIMAG 2021 Organising Committee have agreed that the event, in which teqball will be a demonstration sport, will now be held from 10 to 20 March 2022. The OCA has noted that it will continue its consultation with the Chinese Olympic Committee and the Sanya Asian Beach Games Organising Committee to agree a new date for the 6th Asian Beach Games, where teqball is set to make its debut as a medal sport.[22]
Knowledge1: The 1995 season of the Cook Islands Round Cup was the twenty second recorded season of top flight association football competition in the Cook Islands, with any results between 1951 and 1969 and also in 1986 and 1988–1990 currently unknown. PTC Coconuts won the championship, their first, and to date, only title. [sep] Knowledge2: 1995 Cook Islands Round Cup: The 1995 season of the Cook Islands Round Cup was the twenty second recorded season of top flight association football competition in the Cook Islands, with any results between 1951 and 1969 and also in 1986 and 1988–1990 currently unknown.[1] PTC Coconuts won the championship, their first, and to date, only title.[1]
Knowledge1: Hans Pieren (born 23 January 1962) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics. [sep] Knowledge2: Hans Pieren: Hans Pieren (born 23 January 1962) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.[1] ; Hans Pieren: This biographical article relating to alpine skiing in Switzerland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Hans Pieren: Hans Pieren (Adelboden, 23 gennaio 1962) è un ex sciatore alpino e allenatore di sci alpino svizzero. ; Hans Pieren: Gigantista puro, Pieren ottenne il primo risultato di rilievo in Coppa del Mondo il 19 gennaio 1982 giungendo 15º nella natia Adelboden; nella stessa stagione in Coppa Europa si classificò 3º nella classifica generale e 2º in quella di specialità[1]. Due anni dopo nel circuito continentale fu 3º nella classifica di slalom gigante[1]; ai Mondiali di Crans-Montana 1987 si classificò all'8º posto. Il 13 dicembre 1987 sulla Gran Risa in Alta Badia ottenne il suo primo podio in Coppa del Mondo arrivando 3º, a pari merito con il connazionale Joël Gaspoz, dietro all'italiano Alberto Tomba e all'austriaco Rudolf Nierlich; nella stessa stagione esordì ai Giochi olimpici invernali: a Calgary 1988 si classificò al 14º posto e disputò anche la gara di slalom speciale, senza concluderla. ; Hans Pieren: Nel 1990-1991 in Coppa Europa fu 3º nella classifica di specialità[1], mentre nella stagione 1991-1992 in Coppa del Mondo conquistò i suoi migliori piazzamenti nel circuito, due secondi posti sulla Podkoren di Kranjska Gora il 4 gennaio, dietro all'italiano Sergio Bergamelli, e sulla Chuenisbärgli di Adelboden il 22 gennaio, alle spalle del norvegese Ole Kristian Furuseth. Prese quindi parte ai XVI Giochi olimpici invernali di Albertville 1992, sua ultima presenza olimpica, classificandosi all'11º posto; chiuse la stagione vincendo la classifica di specialità di Coppa Europa, piazzandosi al 2º posto in quella generale del circuito continentale[1] e in quella della Coppa del Mondo di slalom gigante, staccato di 120 punti dal vincitore Tomba. Nel corso della sua ultima stagione agonistica, 1992-1993, si congedò dai Campionati mondiali con il 5º posto ottenuto nella rassegna iridata di Morioka; il suo ultimo piazzamento in carriera fu il 12º posto ottenuto nella gara di Coppa del Mondo disputata a Åre il 27 marzo.
Knowledge1: El-Harby. On 17 May 2010, ENPPI announced through its official web site the signing of Aboul Ela. He penned a five season contract. Francophone Games' Bronze Medalist with Egyptian Olympic Team 2001 African Youth Cup of Nations Under 17 years Title 1997 Mohamed Aboul Ela Mohamed Abo Elala () is an Egyptian football player. The left-footed can play either as a Centr-Midfielder or Left Wingback. Abo Elala was a former Zamalek captain. Mohamed Aboul Ela played for El Zamalek for 21 years; since he was 8 years old till 29. In summer 2009, Aboul Ela moved to El-Entag El-Harby (aka [sep] Knowledge2: Adel Bousmal: Adel Bousmal (born 1 May 1985) is an Algerian handball goalkeeper. ; Adel Bousmal: He competed for the Algerian national team at the 2015 World Men's Handball Championship in Qatar. ; Adel Bousmal: He also participated at the 2011 and 2013 World Championships.[2] ; Adel Bousmal: This biographical article related to Algerian team handball is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Discussion:Adel Bousmal: Cet article est indexé par les projets Sport et Handball.
Knowledge1: Scott Muirhead  Scott Muirhead (born 5 August 1984 in Paisley) is a Scottish professional footballer. He is currently retired, residing in Melbourne, Australia. [sep] Knowledge2: Scott Muirhead: Scott Muirhead (born 5 August 1984 in Paisley) is a Scottish professional footballer. He is currently retired, residing in Melbourne, Australia. ; Scott Muirhead: Muirhead made his debut for Aberdeen as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Dundee United in November 2002.[1] He went on to make a total of 78 appearances for Aberdeen (66 league appearances), scoring twice. He scored his first goal for the club in a 5-0 League Cup win against Brechin City in October 2003.[2] He was sent off in his final appearance for Aberdeen, a 2–1 win against Hibernian at Easter Road in January 2006.[3] ; Scott Muirhead: He joined Dunfermline Athletic in the January transfer window of the 2005-06 season[4] and played in twelve of Dunfermline's remaining matches of the season. The following season he played in 29 matches but was unable to prevent the club being relegated from the SPL. In February 2008, Muirhead signed a two-year contract extension with the Scottish First Division side.[5] Muirhead's time at the Pars was injury plagued and he left the club when his contract expired at the end of the 2009/10 season. ; Scott Muirhead: This biographical article related to association football in Scotland, about a defender born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; File:Muirhead and Bell.jpg: Original file ‎(2,048 × 1,536 pixels, file size: 602 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)
Knowledge1: Sofia Anker-Kofoed (born 28 November 1994) is a Swedish footballer. She last played as an attacker for FC Rosengård in the Damallsvenskan. [sep] Knowledge2: Sofia Anker-Kofoed: Sofia Anker-Kofoed (born 28 November 1994) is a Swedish footballer. She last played as an attacker for FC Rosengård in the Damallsvenskan. ; Sofia Anker-Kofoed: She plays for FC Rosengård since 2011, winning a Damallsvenskan titles in 2013 and a Super Cup in 2012. ; Sofia Anker-Kofoed: She was part of the Sweden U-19 that won the 2012 UEFA Women's U-19 Championship.[1] ; Sofia Anker-Kofoed: This biographical article related to women's association football in Sweden is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Sofia Anker-Kofoed: Sofia Anker-Kofoed (s. 28. marraskuuta 1994 Ystad, Ruotsi)[1][2][3][4][5][6][7] on ruotsalainen jalkapalloilija, joka toimii hyökkääjänä sekä keskikenttäpelaajana.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8] Anker-Kofoed pelasi viimeksi Damallsvenskanin FC Rosengård-seurassa.[1][3][7][8]
Knowledge1:  The Kiribati national football team is the national men's football team of Kiribati and is controlled by the Kiribati Islands Football Association. Kiribati is not a member of FIFA but is an associate member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), and is therefore not eligible to enter the FIFA World Cup but may enter the OFC Nations Cup. It became a provisional member of the N.F.-Board on 10 December 2005. Kiribati is also a member of the ConIFA. [sep] Knowledge2: Kiribati men's national basketball team: The Kiribati national basketball team are the basketball side that represent Kiribati in international competitions. They competed at the 2015 Pacific Games, where they finished with an 0–4 record.[2] ; Kiribati men's national basketball team: This Republic of Kiribati-related article about sports in Kiribati is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Kiribati men's national basketball team: This article about a national basketball team is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Samir Sarsare is a Moroccan footballer. He usually plays as forward. Sarsare is currently attached to Moghreb Tétouan. [sep] Knowledge2: Samir Sarsare: Samir Sarsare is a Moroccan footballer. He usually plays as forward. Sarsare is currently attached to Moghreb Tétouan. ; Samir Sarsare: This biographical article related to association football in Morocco, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Samir Sarsare: Samir Sarsare is a Moroccan footballer. He usually plays as forward. Sarsare is currently attached to Moghreb Tétouan.; Samir Sarsare: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: World Team Olympiad  The World Team Olympiad was a contract bridge meet organized by the World Bridge Federation every four years from 1960 to 2004. Its main events were world championships for national teams, always including one open and one restricted to women ("Open" and "Women" "categories" in WBF terms). A parallel event for seniors was inaugurated in 2000.  Although the Olympiad has been discontinued, its main constituent championships continue within or beside the World Mind Sports Games, first held October 2008 in Beijing, China, and the subsequent results are listed here. In 2016, the events were run separately, as the World Bridge Games, in Wrocław, Poland.  The 1960 "Olympiad" was the first meet organized by the WBF, although the organization has adopted one older event that now confers the title "World Champion", the Bermuda Bowl competition.  The Olympiad championships differed from other world-level championships for "national"  teams primarily by inviting every WBF member country to enter a team in each tournament. Other world championships, including the older Bermuda Bowl for open teams that is now contested every odd-number year, require qualification at a "zone" level. For example, about 40 national open teams from European Bridge League member countries may compete biennially for about six entries in the Bermuda Bowl tournament.  Over the twelve World Team Olympiad cycles, the fields grew from 29 open and 14 women teams in 1960 to 72 open, 43 women, and 29 seniors teams in 2004. For the first World Mind Sports Games there were 71 open and 54 women entries; the Seniors International Cup continued as a non-medal event with 32 entries. Seniors participation increased to 34 at the second WMSG in 2012 while the numbers of open and women entries dropped to 60 and 43. [sep] Knowledge2: Ethnosport Cultural Festival: The opponents in this sport wrestle each other barefoot and wearing shalwars.[7][8]
Knowledge1: Njurunda SK is an ice hockey team in Njurunda, Sweden. They play in the Swedish Division 2, the fourth level of ice hockey in Sweden. Their home arena is the Njurunda ishall, which opened in 1986. Henrik Zetterberg used to play for the club's youth team. Njurunda had previously played in the third-level Division 1, but elected to drop out of the league during the 2012-13 season, following the conclusion of the Division 1B continuation series. [sep] Knowledge2: Njurunda SK: Njurunda SK is an ice hockey team in Njurunda, Sweden. They play in the Swedish Division 2, the fourth level of ice hockey in Sweden. Their home arena is the Njurunda ishall, which opened in 1986. Henrik Zetterberg used to play for the club's youth team.[1] ; Njurunda SK: Njurunda had previously played in the third-level Division 1, but elected to drop out of the league during the 2012-13 season, following the conclusion of the Division 1B continuation series. ; Njurunda SK: Cet article est une ébauche concernant le hockey sur glace et la Suède. ; Njurunda SK: Vous pouvez partager vos connaissances en l’améliorant (comment ?) selon les recommandations des projets correspondants. ; Njurunda SK: Le Njurunda SK (Njurunda Sportklubb) est un club de hockey sur glace de Njurunda en Suède. Il évolue en Division 1, troisième échelon suédois.
Knowledge1: The 2009 Ukrainian Cup Final was a football match that took place at the Dnipro Stadium on May 31, 2009. The match was the 18th Ukrainian Cup final and it was contested by Shakhtar Donetsk and Vorskla Poltava. The 2009 final was the first time a Ukrainian Cup final was held in Dnipropetrovsk. Vorskla Poltava, as Ukrainian Cup winners, qualified for the UEFA Europa League play-off round. [sep] Knowledge2: 2009 Ukrainian Cup final: The 2009 Ukrainian Cup Final was a football match that took place at the Dnipro Stadium on May 31, 2009. The match was the 18th Ukrainian Cup final and it was contested by Shakhtar Donetsk and Vorskla Poltava. The 2009 final was the first time a Ukrainian Cup final was held in Dnipropetrovsk.[1] Vorskla Poltava, as Ukrainian Cup winners, qualified for the UEFA Europa League play-off round. ; 2009 Ukrainian Cup final: All sixteen Ukrainian Premier League clubs did not have to go through qualification to get into the competition, so Vorskla and Shakhtar both qualified for the competition automatically. ; 2009 Ukrainian Cup final: Vorskla Poltava ; 2009 Ukrainian Cup final: Shakhtar Donetsk ; 2009 Ukrainian Cup final: Prior to the final, Vorskla and Shakhtar had met six times in previous Ukrainian Cup competitions. Vorskla had never defeated Shakhtar, with its best performance being a 1–1 draw in the second leg of the quarter-finals in the 2007–08 edition. Shakhtar's best performance against Vorskla was in a second round encounter in the 1994–95 edition, an 8–0 drubbing.[1]
Knowledge1: Krasen Trifonov (Bulgarian: Красен Трифонов; born 5 December 1983) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who plays for Pavlikeni.  Trifonov started his football career with Etar 1924 before moving to Slavia Sofia in the year 2005. He made his A PFG debut for the Sofia-based club in August 2005, but did not become a regular to the end of the season and returned to Etar. [sep] Knowledge2: Krasen Trifonov: Krasen Trifonov (Bulgarian: Красен Трифонов; born 5 December 1983) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who plays for Pavlikeni. ; Krasen Trifonov: Trifonov spent four seasons at Lokomotiv Gorna Oryahovitsa but was released in July 2017.[1] In June 2018, he returned to the club following a short stint at Pavlikeni.[2] ; Krasen Trifonov: This biographical article related to association football in Bulgaria, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Krasen Trifonov: Krasen Trifonov (Bulgarian: Красен Трифонов; born 5 December 1983) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who plays for Pavlikeni.; Krasen Trifonov: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: and in 2007 he joined AaB Ishockey where he serveed as backup to Peter Hirsch. He returned to Vsetín in 2008 and played for the team till 2016. Lukáš Plšek Lukáš Plšek (born 15 September 1983) is a Czech ice hockey goaltender. Plšek began his career with HC Vsetín playing in the under-18 and under-20 league before moving to the full squad. He spent six seasons with Vsetín, where he was mostly a backup goalie, only playing 21 games in total. He also played for various second tier teams in aid of development. In 2005 he moved to Zlín but [sep] Knowledge2: Lukáš Bodeček: Svoji fotbalovou kariéru začal v Bučovicích, odkud v průběhu mládeže přestoupil nejprve do Drnovic a poté do Sigmy Olomouc. V roce 2007 se propracoval do prvního týmu a následně hostoval v týmu FC Vysočina Jihlava. Před ročníkem 2009/2010 Olomouc definitivně opustil a zamířil na své první zahraniční angažmá do Dunajské Stredy. Na jaře 2010 působil v Baníku Most. V létě 2010 se dohodl na smlouvě s Viktorkou Žižkov. V zimním přestupovém období sezony 2014/15 v klubu skončil.
Knowledge1:  Ebrahim Asadi (, born June 8, 1979) is a retired Iranian footballer who played for Persepolis. [sep] Knowledge2: Ebrahim Asadi: Ebrahim Asadi (Persian: ابراهیم اسدی, born June 8, 1979) is a retired Iranian footballer who played for Persepolis. ; Ebrahim Asadi: Last Update  18 September 2010  ; Ebrahim Asadi: Can you list the top facts and stats about Ebrahim Asadi?; Ebrahim Asadi: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; Ebrahim Asadi: Ebrahim Asadi (Persian: ابراهیم اسدی, born June 8, 1979) is a retired Iranian footballer who played for Persepolis.
Knowledge1:  Gilbert played four seasons (2007-2011) of major junior hockey in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) where he scored 70 goals and 86 assists for 156 points in 209 games played. In 2009 Gilbert was selected to play in the CHL Top Prospects Game. Gilbert made his professional debut in the American Hockey League with the Rockford IceHogs during the 2009–10 season. On May 31, 2011, the Chicago Blackhawks signed Gilbert to a three-year entry-level contract. On August 19, 2014, the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL announced that they had signed Gilbert as an unrestricted free agent. After attending AHL affiliate, the Toronto Marlies training camp, Gilbert was traded prior to the 2014–15 season, by the Solar Bears to the Wheeling Nailers on October 16, 2014. A free agent following the 2015–16 season with the Kalamazoo Wings, Gilbert signed abroad in France, agreeing to a one-year deal with Boxers de Bordeaux of the Magnus on July 18, 2016. [sep] Knowledge2: Jeannot Gilbert: Jeannot Gilbert (born December 29, 1940) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played 9 games in the National Hockey League for the Boston Bruins between 1963 and 1965. He also played 133 games in the World Hockey Association with the Quebec Nordiques between 1973 and 1975. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1960 to 1975, was mainly spent in the American Hockey League. ; Jeannot Gilbert: Gilbert played junior with the Barrie Flyers and Niagara Falls Flyers of the Ontario Hockey Association from 1959 to 1961. He made his professional debut during the 1960–61 season, playing one game with the Kingston Frontenacs of the Eastern Professional Hockey League. He spent the next two seasons with Kingston, though most of the 1961–62 season was spent with the Clinton Comets of the Eastern Hockey League. On March 14, 1963 Gilbert made his NHL debut with the Boston Bruins, playing against the Chicago Black Hawks. He played five games with the Bruins that season. Gilbert then played one season, 1963–64 season with the Minneapolis Bruins of the Central Professional Hockey League.  ; Jeannot Gilbert: He played a further four games for Boston in 1964–65, but the bulk of the season was spent with their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate the Providence Reds. He moved to the Hershey Bears of the AHL in 1965, and played eight seasons there. In the 1967 NHL Expansion Draft Gilbert was selected by the Pittsburgh Penguins, but never played for them. In 1973 he joined the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association, and played two seasons there before retiring in 1975. ; Jeannot Gilbert: This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey winger born in the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Jeannot Gilbert: Jeannot Gilbert, né le 29 décembre 1940 à Grande-Baie, dans la province de Québec au Canada, est un joueur de hockey sur glace professionnel ayant évolué comme centre dans la Ligue nationale de hockey pour les Bruins de Boston ainsi que dans l’Association mondiale de hockey pour les Nordiques de Québec[1],[2].
Knowledge1:  Řepík competed for the Czech Republic's under-20 team at the 2007 World Junior Championships in Sweden. He failed to register a point in six games as the Czechs were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Sweden. Poised to make a second appearance at the World Junior Championships in 2008 in his home country, Řepík was unable to participate due to a concussion suffered in the month preceding the tournament. [sep] Knowledge2: Roland Repiský: Svoji fotbalovou kariéru začal v Šaca. Od dorostu působí v MFK Košice, kde se v roce 2009 dostal do prvního týmu, kde ale vykonává pozici druhého respektive třetího brankáře.
Knowledge1: Nigel Marples (born November 3, 1985) is a Canadian football player and coach.  After his return in summer 2013 to Canada, was named as Head coach of the Roman Tulis European Soccer School of Excellence. Since October 2013 works besides his coaching career by the Roman Tulis Soccer School, as Player-Coach of the BC Premier Soccer League side Fusion FC in Richmond. Marples studied Masters in Coaching Education over distance learning on the Ohio University. He is currently the Head Soccer Coach at the Principia School (2017).  Marples attended North Delta High School and played college soccer at Towson University, where he was a four-year starter and two year captain. During his college years he also played with the Abbotsford Rangers in the USL Premier Development League.  Marples joined the professional ranks after graduation with the Vancouver Whitecaps of USL First Division, but only appeared in 2 matches and was released. He then turned to indoor soccer after being drafted by the Philadelphia KiXX. He appeared in 27 games before moving back outdoors with USL Second Division Harrisburg City Islanders, and then on to the Charleston Battery in 2009. Marples joined HB Køge from the Danish 1st Division on 9 August 2012. He left the club in summer 2013 and returned to Vancouver.  Marples has also spent time in the Canadian U-20 player pool, but has yet to be capped. [sep] Knowledge2: Nigel Marples: Nigel Marples (born November 3, 1985) is a Canadian football player and coach. Died November 28, 2023. ; Nigel Marples: Marples attended North Delta High School and played college soccer at Towson University, where he was a four-year starter and two year captain.[1] During his college years he also played with the Abbotsford Rangers in the USL Premier Development League. ; Nigel Marples: Marples joined the professional ranks after graduation with the Vancouver Whitecaps of USL First Division, but only appeared in 2 matches and was released.[2]  He then turned to indoor soccer after being drafted by the Philadelphia KiXX.[3]  He appeared in 27 games before moving back outdoors with USL Second Division Harrisburg City Islanders, and then on to the Charleston Battery in 2009. ; Nigel Marples: Marples joined HB Køge from the Danish 1st Division on 9 August 2012.[4] He left the club in summer 2013 and returned to Vancouver. ; Nigel Marples: Marples has also spent time in the Canadian U-20 player pool, but has yet to be capped.[5]
Knowledge1: Marc Santo-Roman (born 13 September 1960) is a French chess grandmaster, born in Toulouse.  According to Chessmetrics, at his peak in October 1991 Santo-Roman's play was equivalent to a rating of 2557, and he was ranked number 317 in the world. His best single performance was at FRA-ch Angers, 1990, where he scored 11 of 14 possible points (79%) against 2462-rated opposition, for a performance rating of 2644. On the April 2009 FIDE list his Elo rating is 2392.  He won three French Chess Championship at Angers 1990, Montpellier 1991, and Chambéry 1994 and played for France in the 29th Chess Olympiad at Novi Sad 1990, 30th Chess Olympiad at Manila 1992 and in the 31st Chess Olympiad at Moscow 1994. Santo-Roman was awarded the International Master title in 1984 and the Grandmaster title in 1996. [sep] Knowledge2: Marc Santo-Roman: Marc Santo-Roman (born 13 September 1960) is a French chess grandmaster, born in Toulouse.[1] ; Marc Santo-Roman: He won three French Chess Championship at Angers 1990, Montpellier 1991, and Chambéry 1994[2] and played for France in the 29th Chess Olympiad at Novi Sad 1990, 30th Chess Olympiad at Manila 1992 and in the 31st Chess Olympiad at Moscow 1994.[3]  Santo-Roman was awarded the International Master title in 1984[1] and the Grandmaster title in 1996. ; Marc Santo-Roman: According to Chessmetrics, at his peak in October 1991 Santo-Roman's play was equivalent to a rating of 2557, and he was ranked number 317 in the world. His best single performance was at FRA-ch Angers, 1990, where he scored 11 of 14 possible points (79%) against 2462-rated opposition, for a performance rating of 2644.[4] ; Marc Santo-Roman: On the April 2009 FIDE list his Elo rating is 2392. ; Marc Santo-Roman: This biographical article relating to a French chess figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Sandar Idrettslag is a sports club from Sandar, Sandefjord, Norway. It was founded on 24 September 1931 as Framnes IL, but the name Sandar IL was taken already on 13 October 1931. The club has sections for association football and handball, and the team colors are red, black and white. Footballer Jon Midttun Lie played for Sandar IL from age 13 to age 16. In 2008 Lie's then-team Lillestrøm SK faced Sandar in the first round of the Norwegian Cup. Sandar also met another team from Tippeligaen in the first round of the cup in 2007, but lost 5-0 against Sandefjord Fotball. The men's team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football, but controversially forfeited after three games of the 2010 season. In 2011, Sandar played in the Fourth Division, but was relegated to the Fifth Division. Terese Pedersen has played handball for Sandar. Sandar IL  Sandar Idrettslag is a sports club from Sandar, Sandefjord, Norway.  It was founded on 24 September 1931 as "Framnes IL", but the name "Sandar IL" was taken already on 13 October 1931. The club has sections for association football and handball, and the team colors are red, black and white.  Footballer Jon Midttun Lie played for Sandar IL from age 13 to age 16. In 2008 Lie's then-team Lillestrøm SK faced Sandar in the first round of the Norwegian Cup. Sandar also met another team from Tippeligaen in the first round of the cup in 2007, but lost 5–0 against Sandefjord Fotball.  The men's team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football, but controversially forfeited after three games of the 2010 season. In 2011, Sandar played in the Fourth Division, but was relegated to the Fifth Division.  Terese Pedersen has played handball for Sandar. [sep] Knowledge2: Sandar IL: Sandar Idrettslag is a sports club from Sandar, Sandefjord, Norway. ; Sandar IL: It was founded on 24 September 1931 as Framnes IL, but the name Sandar IL was taken already on 13 October 1931. The club has sections for association football and handball, and the team colors are red, black and white.[2] ; Sandar IL: Footballer Jon Midttun Lie played for Sandar IL from age 13 to age 16. In 2008 Lie's then-team Lillestrøm SK faced Sandar in the first round of the Norwegian Cup.[3] Sandar also met another team from Tippeligaen in the first round of the cup in 2007, but lost 5–0 against Sandefjord Fotball.[4] ; Sandar IL: The men's team played in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football, but controversially forfeited after three games of the 2010 season.[5] In 2011, Sandar played in the Fourth Division, but was relegated to the Fifth Division. ; Sandar IL: Terese Pedersen has played handball for Sandar.[6]
Knowledge1:  In July 2015 Francesco Reda, tested positive for EPO in an anti-doping control that was taken at the Italian Road Championships held on June 27. In February 2016, Reda was banned for eight years.  Reda began his career at the college level with Winthrop University from 1996 to 1997. He went professional in 1998, after Peter Pinizzotto head coach of the Toronto Lynx signed him to a contract. In 1999, he was named the team captain for the club, and won the team's best defensive player award. In 2000, the captain assisted his franchise in qualifying for the postseason for the second time in the club's history. Toronto would finish third in the Northeast Division. In the playoffs the Lynx faced Richmond Kickers in the first round, and advanced to the next round by [sep] Knowledge2: Francesco Reda: Francesco Reda (born 19 November 1982) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer,[1] who is currently suspended from the sport, after testing positive for erythropoietin (EPO). ; Francesco Reda: In 2013, Cosenza-born Reda rode for UCI Professional Continental Team Androni Giocattoli–Venezuela, when he was banned after evading a doping test.[2] His ban was reduced after he gave evidence to the Cycling Independent Reform Commission.[3] On 15 July 2015, it was announced that Reda had tested positive for erythropoietin (EPO) after the Italian National Road Race Championships, which he finished second.[4] In February 2016, Reda was banned for eight years.[5] ; Francesco Reda: Pouvez-vous énumérer les principaux faits et statistiques sur Francesco Reda?; Francesco Reda: Résumez cet article pour un enfant de 10 ans; Francesco Reda: Francesco Reda (né le 19 novembre 1982 à Cosenza, en Calabre) est un coureur cycliste italien, professionnel entre 2007 et 2015. Contrôle positif à l'EPO après avoir terminé vice-champion d'Italie sur route, il est suspendu 8 ans[1].
Knowledge1: Pedro Ferreira-Mendes (born May 13, 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played for Puerto Rico FC of the North American Soccer League. He has previously played for the Atlanta Silverbacks, Indy Eleven, and Minnesota United FC in the NASL. [sep] Knowledge2: Pedro Mendes (footballer, born May 1990): Pedro Ferreira-Mendes (born May 13, 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played for Puerto Rico FC of the North American Soccer League. He has previously played for the Atlanta Silverbacks, Indy Eleven, and Minnesota United FC in the NASL.
Knowledge1:  Sour El Ghozlane served under the French as a military post from 1845 and received the name of Aumale in honor of the Duke of Aumale, son of Louis Philippe. [sep] Knowledge2: E Sour El Ghozlane: Entente de Sour El Ghozlane (Arabic: وفاق سور الغزلان), known as E Sour El Ghozlane or simply ESG for short, is an Algerian football club based in Sour El-Ghozlane in Bouïra Province. The club was founded in 1912 and its colours are blue and white. Their home stadium, Mohamed Derradji Stadium, has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue 2. ; E Sour El Ghozlane: The club came eighth in the 2009–10 Ligue Inter-Régions de football – Groupe Centre.[1] ; E Sour El Ghozlane: The club was promoted for the 2010–11 season of the newly created Championnat National de Football Amateur due to the professionalisation of the first two divisions in Algeria.[2] ; E Sour El Ghozlane: On May 28, 2022, E Sour El Ghozlane were promoted to the Algerian Ligue 2.[3] ; E Sour El Ghozlane: Entente de Sour El Ghozlane (Arabic: وفاق سور الغزلان), known as E Sour El Ghozlane or simply ESG for short, is an Algerian football club based in Sour El-Ghozlane in Bouïra Province. The club was founded in 1912 and its colours are blue and white. Their home stadium, Mohamed Derradji Stadium, has a capacity of 5,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue 2.
Knowledge1:  Kcira played for Hrvatski Dragovoljac in Croatia in 2002. He then went on to play in Poland in 2005 with Górnik Łęczna. After a two-year spell in Poland he decided on a move back to his first club NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac. After one season he moved to NK Varteks in the top division, he played for the club for the first half of the 2007–2008 season.  After a short time in HNK Gorica, Kcira transferred to Iranian club Steel Azin enjoyed playon there by scoring 2 goals in 19 matches. On the next seasons, he moved to Shahin Bushehr to work with his past manager Hamid Estili. [sep] Knowledge2: Lek Kcira: Players: Top Trends; Lek Kcira:  SOCCER MANAGER 2024 - Download; Lek Kcira: Recent Changes; Lek Kcira: Vote for Data Changes; Lek Kcira: Competitions / Popular Leagues
Knowledge1: Manzato participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.  Daniel Manzato (born 17 January 1984) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for SC Bern in the National League (NL). He was drafted 160th overall in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Carolina Hurricanes. Daniel Manzato  Daniel Manzato (born 17 January 1984) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for SC Bern in the National League (NL). He was drafted 160th overall in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Carolina Hurricanes. [sep] Knowledge2: Daniel Manzato: Daniel Manzato (born 17 January 1984) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for SC Bern in the National League (NL). He was drafted 160th overall in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Carolina Hurricanes. ; Daniel Manzato: During the 2014–15 season, on January 5, 2015, Manzato signed a three-year contract extension to the remain in Lugano until 2018.[1] ; Daniel Manzato: Manzato joined HC Ambrì-Piotta for the 2018/19 season on a two-year deal. ; Daniel Manzato: On December 12, 2019, in his final year of his contract with Ambri, Manzato agreed to a one-year deal with Genève-Servette HC for the 2020/21 season. ; Daniel Manzato: On March 11, 2021, Manzato agreed to a one-year deal with SC Bern for the 2021/22 season.
Knowledge1: 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League  The 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League, known as Liga Kolinska for sponsorship reasons, was the eighth season of the Premier A Slovenian Basketball League, the highest professional basketball league in Slovenia. [sep] Knowledge2: 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League: The 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League, known as Liga Kolinska for sponsorship reasons, was the eighth season of the Premier A Slovenian Basketball League, the highest professional basketball league in Slovenia. ; 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League: P=Matches played, W=Matches won, L=Matches lost, F=Points for, A=Points against, Pts=Points ; 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League: The 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League, known as Liga Kolinska for sponsorship reasons, was the eighth season of the Premier A Slovenian Basketball League, the highest professional basketball league in Slovenia.; 1998–99 Slovenian Basketball League: Oops something went wrong: ; 1997–98 Slovenian Basketball League: P=Matches played, W=Matches won, L=Matches lost, F=Points for, A=Points against, Pts=Points
Knowledge1: John was born the son of Les Parsons and his wife Marion in Oxford on 20 February 1938. His father had been president of the Lawn Tennis Association for the Oxford area. As a schoolboy at Magdalen College School, Parsons was a member of the tennis team. At the age of 14, he began writing football match reports for the Oxford Mail. After leaving school in 1956, he took a job as a reporter on general topics at the paper. In 1964 he moved to the Daily Mail. In January 1981, Parsons came to the Daily Telegraph and succeeded Lance Tingay as tennis correspondent. In 2001, he retired   Parsons began his senior club career with Adamstown before moving to Sydney to play for Leichhardt-Annandale. He announced his retirement several times, citing scrutiny from referees and politics.  he played for the West Adelaide Bearcats in the NBL. Parsons later converted to Australian Rules Football, playing as a ruckman. He is best remembered in football circles for his Jack Oatey Medal winning performance in North Adelaide's 1987 SANFL Grand Final win. He was then recruited to Sydney with the tenth pick in the 1987 VFL Draft but struggled to make an impact in his three years, although he gathered three Brownlow Medal votes for his 23 disposal effort in a match against the West Coast Eagles midway through his first season. Parsons returned to North Adelaide in 1991 and finished the year as a member of another premiership team. In 2008, Parsons suffered a stroke and was revealed to be suffering from a brain tumour. He died in hospital on 24 April 2009. John Parsons (footballer, born 1875)  John Parsons Alexander (14 April 1875 - 18 November 1960), was an Anglo-Spanish footballer who played as a forward for FC Barcelona. His younger brother, William, followed him every step through.  Together with his brother, he is regarded as one of the most important figures in the amateur beginnings of football in Catalonia, taking part in some of the earliest Catalan clubs in existence such as "Sociedad de Foot-Ball de Barcelona", where he stood out as a great striker, netting some of the first goals in the history of Catalan football. Parsons is best known for his role in FC Barcelona's beginnings, being among the 11 founders of the club in 1899, and then serving the club as its vice-president between 1900 and 1901 and as a player between 1899 and 1904, netting 15 goals in 41 appearances He was also a great fan of philately, receiving several awards and distinctions throughout his life. [sep] Knowledge2: John Parsons (footballer, born 1875): John Parsons Alexander (14 April 1875 - 18 November 1960), was an Anglo-Spanish footballer who played as a forward for FC Barcelona.[1][2] His younger brother, William, followed him every step through. ; John Parsons (footballer, born 1875): Together with his brother, he is regarded as one of the most important figures in the amateur beginnings of football in Catalonia, taking part in some of the earliest Catalan clubs in existence such as Sociedad de Foot-Ball de Barcelona, where he stood out as a great striker, netting some of the first goals in the history of Catalan football.[3] Parsons is best known for his role in FC Barcelona's beginnings, being among the 11 founders of the club in 1899, and then serving the club as its vice-president between 1900 and 1901 and as a player between 1899 and 1904, netting 15 goals in 41 appearances[1] and helping his side win the 1901–02 Copa Macaya, the club's very first trophy, and helping his side reach the final of the 1902 Copa de la Coronación, in which he scored in a 2–1 loss.[4] He was also a great fan of philately, receiving several awards and distinctions throughout his life. ; John Parsons (footballer, born 1875): His family, of English origins, settled in Barcelona in 1870, where John was born on 14 April 1875. Together with his brother William, he was one of the first pioneers of football in Catalonia, joining the Sociedad de Foot-Ball de Barcelona in 1895, with whom he played several training matches (Blue vs reds), including the one on 2 February 1895, in which he scored twice to help the Blues to a 4–1 victory.[5] Parsons also played both games against Asociación de Foot-Ball de Torelló on 24 March and 14 April 1895,[3] which was the very first time that teams from two different cities played against each other in Catalonia, and he rose to the occasion, netting a brace at Bonanova in an 8–3 local win[6] and another one at Torelló in a 3–5 loss.[7] ; John Parsons (footballer, born 1875): Parsons played several friendly matches at Can Tunis and a few others at Bonanova between 1892 and 1895, where he stood out as a great goal scorer, however, due to the little statistical rigor that the newspapers had at that time, the exact number of goals he netted is unknown.[8] Despite some encouraging first steps, this Society was never officially established and when its founder and captain James Reeves returned to the United Kingdom in the autumn of 1895, it was the Catalans and the Parsons brothers who took the reins of the team, but without Reeves, the entity soon declined, collapsed and seems to disappear around 1896.[8] Football in the city then crosses its first crisis which lasted three years from 1896 until 1899, with the Parsons playing an important role in the sport's return to the city in 1899, helping with the creations of Team Anglès and FC Barcelona in 1899.[3] ; John Parsons (footballer, born 1875): He and his brother were among the eleven men that attended the infamous meeting held at the Gimnasio Solé on 29 November 1899 which saw the birth of Foot-Ball Club Barcelona.[9][10] However, in Barcelona's official debut on 8 December 1899, the two Parsons brothers played for the rival team, Team Anglès, which consisted of members of the British colony living in Barcelona.[1][3][11]
Knowledge1: List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012  This is a list of Azerbaijan football transfers in the winter transfer window 2012 by club. Only clubs of the 2011–12 Azerbaijan Premier League are included. [sep] Knowledge2: List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012:  This is a list of Azerbaijan football transfers in the winter transfer window 2012 by club. Only clubs of the 2011–12 Azerbaijan Premier League are included. ; List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012: In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. ; List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012: Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. ; List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012: In:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality. ; List of Azerbaijan football transfers winter 2012: Out:  Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Knowledge1: Khalaf plays between 2003 and 2005 for the Under-19 Syrian national team. The Syrian U-19 team that finished in Fourth place in the AFC U-19 Championship 2004 in Malaysia and he was a part of the Syrian U-20 team in the FIFA U-20 World Cup 2005. in the Netherlands. He plays against Canada, Italy and Colombia in the group-stage of the FIFA U-20 World Cup 2005.  Abdul-Hadi Khalaf (عبد الهادي خلف) (born January 1, 1986 in Homs) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al-Karamah in the Syrian Premier League. [sep] Knowledge2: Abdulhadi Khalaf: Abdulhadi Khalaf (Arabic: عبد الهادي خلف, born 1945) is a Bahraini leftist political activist and senior lecturer in the Sociology department at Lund University. He is regarded as a specialist in the politics of the Persian Gulf region.[1] ; Abdulhadi Khalaf: He received his primary and secondary education in Bahrain, then went abroad for college. He obtained a doctorate in sociology from Sweden's University of Lund in 1972.[2]  Returning to Bahrain, he became a candidate for the country's first National Assembly and was elected in December 1973. The assembly was an advisory body with limited powers to approve laws drawn up by the government. Several months after the National Assembly convened, Khalaf was expelled and arrested on charges of supporting one of several banned political groups that called for a constitutional monarchy. He was released from prison in 1975, then rearrested in 1976, again because of his political activities on behalf of democratic government. ; Abdulhadi Khalaf: Between 1975 and 1990, Khalaf was worked as a consultant for a number of institutions including UNECWA (now UNESCWA). In 1990, he accepted an appointment to teach sociology at the University of Lund and moved to Sweden.[3]  He continues to write articles about Bahrain's politics and society for Arabic and English publications across the Middle East.[4] He has also written and published multiple books on the region.[3] ; Abdulhadi Khalaf: This Bahraini biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Abdel Latif Khalaf: This biographical article relating to an Egyptian sport wrestler or wrestling coach is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: VOKO-Irodion is a volleyball club from Oosterhout. VOKO was founded in 1974 as an agreement between former Oosterhout volleyball clubs LEC and RELAX. The first team plays in the Dutch third division, and their goal is promote to the national divisions. VOKO-Irodion  VOKO-Irodion is a volleyball club from Oosterhout.  VOKO was founded in 1974 as an agreement between former Oosterhout volleyball clubs LEC and RELAX. The first team plays in the Dutch third division, and their goal is promote to the national divisions. [sep] Knowledge2: VOKO-Irodion: VOKO-Irodion is a volleyball club from Oosterhout. ; VOKO-Irodion: VOKO was founded in 1974 as an agreement between former Oosterhout volleyball clubs LEC and RELAX. The first team plays in the Dutch third division, and their goal is promote to the national divisions. ; VOKO-Irodion: This article about a Dutch sports club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; VOKO-Irodion: This article about a volleyball team is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Paul Chapman (born 5 November 1981) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club and Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). [sep] Knowledge2: Paul Chapman: Paul Chapman may refer to: ; Paul Chapman (musician): Paul William Chapman (9 June 1954 – 9 June 2020)[1] was a Welsh rock guitarist best known for his work in bands such as UFO and Lone Star. He was well known by his nickname "Tonka", allegedly acquired because of his indestructible qualities. ; Paul Chapman (musician): In 1977, he filled in for Michael Schenker in UFO when they were on tour with Rush in the United States during one of the German guitarist's absences. ; Paul Chapman (musician): After the tour, Chapman went to Florida, United States, to form a new band DOA fronted by lead singer Dave Edwards, Bass player Steve Chikitus, guitarist Robert Journey and Drummer Paul Baron. Paul's Florida band DOA was later renamed Madman who toured with Ted Nugent in the United States. He later hooked up with former UFO band member Pete Way in Waysted and recorded the albums The Good the Bad the Waysted and Save your Prayers. After this Chapman founded Ghost in 1993, fronted by another Welshman, Carl Sentance.[5] ; Paul Chapman (musician): He played on a Nazareth tribute album released in 2001, Another Hair of the Dog, on two tracks "This Flight Tonight" and "Let Me Be Your Dog".
Knowledge1:  The Guyana women's national field hockey team represents Guyana in women's international field hockey competitions. [sep] Knowledge2: Guyana women's national field hockey team: The Guyana women's national field hockey team represents Guyana in women's international field hockey competitions.
Knowledge1:  Atanasov also played for the Bulgaria national under-21 football team and scored 2 goals - one in a friendly game against Republic of Macedonia and one in a qualification against Ukraine. [sep] Knowledge2: Atanas Atanasov: Atanas Atanasov may refer to:
Knowledge1: Abdoul Thiam (born 19 June 1976 in Berlin) is a German footballer who currently plays for Hilalspor Berlin in the 7th tier Landesliga Berlin Staffel 1. At the height of his career, Thiam played 73 games for Eintracht Braunschweig and Rot Weiss Ahlen in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga.  Abdoulaye Thiam (born January 1, 1984) is a Senegalese sabre fencer. Thiam represented Senegal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he competed in the men's individual sabre event, along with his teammate Mamadou Keita. He lost the first preliminary round match to U.S. fencer Jason Rogers, with a score of 10–15.  Abdou Mbacke Thiam (born 3 February 1992) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a forward. [sep] Knowledge2: Abdoul Thiam: Abdoul Thiam (born 19 June 1976 in Berlin) is a German footballer who currently plays for Hilalspor Berlin in the 7th tier Landesliga Berlin Staffel 1. ; Abdoul Thiam: At the height of his career, Thiam played 73 games for Eintracht Braunschweig and Rot Weiss Ahlen in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga. ; Abdoul Thiam: This biographical article related to association football in Germany, about a defender born in the 1970s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  On June 26, 2020, the end of professional football was announced in Zacatepec, after the departure of Atlético Zacatepec to Morelia, where it was renamed Atlético Morelia. Meanwhile, Guillermo Aguilar had started the procedures to return Lobos BUAP to football, but taking part of the Liga de Balompié Mexicano instead of Mexican Football Federation, on June 27 the club's entry into the new league became official, The team signed Rodrigo Ruiz as its technical director and announced the arrival of its first players, some of them involved in the previous Lobos BUAP stage that included their promotion to Liga MX. In August 2020, the Lobos BUAP return was [sep] Knowledge2: Lobos BUAP Premier: Club de Fútbol Lobos de la Benemérita Universidad Autónoma de Puebla Premier were a Mexican football club based in Puebla, Mexico. The club represented the Autonomous University of Puebla. The clubs was affiliated with Lobos BUAP and plays in the Liga Premier. ; Lobos BUAP Premier: This article about a Mexican association football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Henri "Harry" Gerard Vriend (born 20 May 1938) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands, who competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics; in both games he finished in eighth position with the Dutch Men's Team. His brother Wim played alongside Harry at the 1964 games. On 4 October 1963, Vriend married the Dutch swimmer Lenie de Nijs. He subsequently became a water polo coach and served as the head coach of the men's national team. Vriend later worked for NOS Studio Sport, a Dutch TV program, as a commentator. [sep] Knowledge2: Harry Clay: Henry A. Clay (29 January 1881 – 9 August 1964)[1] was an English professional association football player in the years prior to the First World War. He made 310 appearances in the Football League and 32 appearances in the FA Cup for his only professional club, Bristol City. ; Harry Clay: Born in Kimberley, Nottinghamshire, he began his career with local hometown club Kimberley St Johns before Bristol City manager Sam Hollis signed him in November 1901 for Bristol City. Clay made his league debut for Bristol City v Chesterfield on 7 Dec 1901 and made 23 appearances as City finished 6th of 18 teams in the Second Division. Ever present with 34 appearances in the next three successive seasons 1902–03, 1903-04 & 1904-05 when City rose to 4th place on each occasion. Season 1905-06 saw City finish top of the Second Division table as Clay played in 36 of the 38 league matches. With City promoted to the First Division in 1906-07 Clay played only 8 games as William Demmery was the goalkeeper who won the League runners up medal. Clay played 11 matches in season 1907-08 when Albert Edward Talbot-Lewis was the regular goalkeeper. Clay returned to the side in season 1908-09 making 37 appearances for the "Robins" and played all rounds of the FA Cup and in the 1909 FA Cup Final defeat by Manchester United played at the Crystal Palace. He played regularly 29 appearances in 1909-10 and 28 appearances in 1910-11 when City were relegated after finishing 19th out of 20 clubs in the First Division. Clay made further league appearances in the Second Division, 25 appearances in 1911-12 and 12 appearances the following season. He played his final match on 16 Nov 1912 for Bristol City v Blackpool in a 0–0 draw before retiring in 1913. ; Harry Clay: He served in the Army in the First World War and was then groundsman at BAC, Filton and Canford Park, Westbury on Trym in Bristol.[2] ; Harry Clay (disambiguation): Harry Clay (1881–1964) was an English footballer. ; Harry Clay (disambiguation): Harry Clay may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Maxwell Griffin (born September 17, 1987 in Riverside, California) is a retired American soccer player.  Maxwell is the younger brother of fellow professional soccer player Leonard Griffin. Griffin has also dabbled in acting, and featured in JoJo's music video for her 2006 hit song "Too Little Too Late" alongside several of his UCLA Bruins teammates. [sep] Knowledge2: Maxwell Griffin: Maxwell Griffin (born September 17, 1987, in Riverside, California) is a retired American soccer player. ; Maxwell Griffin: Griffin attended Littlerock High School and played college soccer at the UCLA from 2006 to 2009, where he racked up a litany of accolades, receiving a selection to the All-Pac-10 team, and an NSCAA All-Far West selection. He was also nominated for the prestigious Lowe's Senior CLASS Award, and as a senior led the team with four game-winning goals, moving him up to sixth in the all-time UCLA scoring record books . Griffin netted 28 goals overall in his career, increasing his total in each of the four seasons at the school and is one of just 18 players to have scored a hat trick for UCLA in its 43-year history. ; Maxwell Griffin: During his college years Griffin also played with the San Fernando Valley Quakes[1] and the Los Angeles Legends[2] in the USL Premier Development League. ; Maxwell Griffin: Upon graduating from UCLA, Griffin signed a one-year deal with the Austin Aztex FC of the USSF Division 2 on March 23, 2010.[3] ; Maxwell Griffin: He made his professional debut on April 11, 2010, in Austin's first game of the 2010 season, a 2–0 victory over Montreal Impact,[4] scored his first professional goal on May 29 in a 2–0 win over Crystal Palace Baltimore,[5] and scored a hat trick on June 19, 2010, in a 3–1 win over Miami FC.[6]
Knowledge1: Yuri Koroviansky (Юрий Коровянский, Yuriy Korovyanskyy, 30 September 1967 – 8 March 2017) was a Ukrainian volleyball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was 194 cm tall. He was French citizen from 2011 until his death.  Koroviansky was born at Horlivka and debuted in 1984 for VC Shakhtar Donetsk. He finished seventh with the Unified Team in the 1992 Olympic tournament. With the Soviet (or Unified Team) national team he won a World Cup in 1991, the European Championships of 1991 and a bronze medal in the 1991 World League. Koroviansky played in Greece from 1993 with AO Orestiada (Runner-up of the Greek championship and finished 4th in the CEV Cup final four). After one year in Greece, he signed in Cyprus for Paphiakos Paphos. He subsequently played in France with Tourcoing, Tours, Paris (won the French championship in 1997 ), Strasbourg, Halluin and he concluded his playing career in 2006 with Cambrai (in French 2nd league). He was the head coach of youth team in Cambrai. Yuri Koroviansky  Yuri Koroviansky (, , 30 September 1967 – 8 March 2017) was a Ukrainian volleyball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was 194 cm tall. He was French citizen from 2011 until his death. [sep] Knowledge2: Yuri Koroviansky: Yuri Koroviansky (Russian: Юрий Коровянский, French: Yuriy Korovyanskyy, 30 September 1967 – 8 March 2017)[1] was a Ukrainian volleyball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.[2][3] He was 194 cm tall. He was a French citizen from 2011 until his death.[4] ; Yuri Koroviansky: Koroviansky was born at Horlivka and debuted in 1984 for VC Shakhtar Donetsk.  He finished seventh with the Unified Team in the 1992 Olympic tournament.[2][3] With the Soviet (or Unified Team) national team he won a World Cup in 1991, the European Championships of 1991 [5] and a bronze medal in the 1991 World League. ; Yuri Koroviansky: Koroviansky played in Greece from 1993 with AO Orestiada (Runner-up of the Greek championship and finished 4th in the CEV Cup final four). After one year in Greece, he signed in Cyprus for Paphiakos Paphos. He subsequently played in France with Tourcoing, Tours, Paris (won the French championship in 1997[6]), Strasbourg, Halluin and he concluded his playing career in 2006 with Cambrai (in French 2nd league). ; Yuri Koroviansky: He was the head coach of youth team in Cambrai.[7]
Knowledge1: Albert Edward Harrison Cox (24 June 1917 in Treeton, Rotherham – April 2003) was a footballer who played as a left-back for Sheffield United and Halifax Town. [sep] Knowledge2: Albert Cox (footballer): Albert Edward Harrison Cox (24 June 1917 in Treeton, Rotherham – April 2003) was a footballer who played as a left-back for Sheffield United and Halifax Town. ; Albert Cox (footballer): Cox joined Sheffield United from amateur side Woodhouse Mill United F.C., and quickly settled into the first team at Bramall Lane. He made his league debut against Blackpool at Bramall Lane on 20 February 1936, in a 1–0 win. In 1936, Sheffield United reached the FA Cup semi-finals, where they met fellow Second Division side Fulham. Regular left-back, Charlie Wilkinson was injured and unavailable to play in the semi-final, so the inexperienced Cox took his place. Cox remained "cool in defence" as Fulham were defeated 2–1.[2] Wilkinson recovered from his injury in time for the final and manager, Teddy Davison, "opted for (Wilkinson's) age and experience" over Cox.[2] ; Albert Cox (footballer): Cox was often described as a 'bungle of energy'[3] on the field of play. His partner at full-back in the late 1930s was Harry Hooper. ; Albert Cox (footballer): Although World War II interrupted his career, Cox played on for several seasons after hostilities had ended, and became one of the most consistent left-backs in the Football League.[4] In total he made 267 league appearances for the Blades with 5 goals.[5] ; Albert Cox (footballer): He was transferred to Halifax Town during the 1952 close season.
Knowledge1:  13 February 2007, Sydney FC announced Glavas had signed with the club and was included in the squad for the AFC Champions League 2007. Glavas was released by Sydney at the completion of their ACL campaign and signed with Heidelberg United in the Victorian Premier League. In 2008 Glavas returned to Sydney United and returned to goalscoring form in the NSW Premier League. Glavas was Sydney United's top goalscorer in 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2013. The talismanic striker retired on 24 August 2014, playing his last match against Sutherland Sharks in the last round of the 2014 National Premier Leagues NSW. [sep] Knowledge2: 2011 NSW Premier League season: Correct as of Round 16
Knowledge1:  Guo Ruilong (born 1 December 1943) is a Chinese football coach and former footballer. [sep] Knowledge2: Guo Ruilong: Guo Ruilong (simplified Chinese: 郭瑞龙; traditional Chinese: 郭瑞龍; pinyin: Guō Ruìlóng; born 1 December 1943) is a Chinese football coach and former footballer. ; Guo Ruilong: Born in Kunming, Guo returned to his hometown Beijing in 1946 after the Second Sino-Japanese War ended. He began his football career for Beijing Team's youth team and later graduated to the senior team in 1965. He became a football coach after his retirement in 1975. ; Guo Ruilong: He served for Inner Mongolia, Beijing Youth and China national youth between 1976 and 1989.[1] In 1990, Guo was appointed as the assistant coach of Beijing Team. On 9 May 2000, Guo joined Chinese Jia-B League club Chengdu Wuniu who struggled in the bottom of league,[2] and helped the club stay in the second tier for the next season. He was sacked by Chengdu on 16 September 2001.[3] He became the assistant coach of top-tier club Shenzhen Ping'an in December 2001.[4] He was appointed as the team's manager on 17 May 2005 after Chi Shangbin's dismission.[5] Despite severe financial problems, Guo led Shenzhen to reach the 2005 AFC Champions League semi-finals before heavily defeated by UAE champions Al Ain 6–0. He was suddenly sacked on 14 October 2005.[6] ; Guo Ruilong: Guo returned to football in December 2007 when he accepted the invitation of China League One club Anhui Jiufang.[7] On 15 April 2008, he resigned from the team due to "health problems".[8] He joined China League Two club Wenzhou Tomorrow in June 2008.[9] Guo became the manager of League Two club Hebei Zhongji on 16 August 2013.[10] Although Hebei Zhongji won promotion in the 2013 season by finishing the runners-up in League Two, he didn't extent his contract and left the club.[11]
Knowledge1: National team (A): 9 (1992–93); ; Olympic national team: 4 (1991); ; U-21 national team: 5 (1989). He appeared in national team in Sepp Piontek period, against Norway in April 1993 when the team lost the game 3-1; in 0-0 ended San Marino game; and, 0-1 lost Germany game (friendly game). Under Piontek's management the national team was not successful, but after that period could catch a take-off. Among his teammates were Hakan Şükür, Bülent Korkmaz, Aykut Kocaman, and Ünal Karaman and many other famous players of the time. [sep] Knowledge2: Mehmet Gürkan Öztürk: Kariyerinde ilk kez bir Süper Lig takımına transfer olan Öztürk, transferi sonrası  "PTT 1 Lig ve 2. Lig'den gelen teklifler için herkese çok ederim. Bugün itibarıyla Çaykur Rizespor'a imza attım. Tranferde emeği geçen herkese çok teşekkür ederim" ifadelerinde bulundu.[1]
Knowledge1: April 5 [sep] Knowledge2: Nicolaas Cortlever: Nicolaas (Nico) Cortlever (14 June 1915, in Amsterdam – 5 April 1995) was a Dutch chess master. ; Nicolaas Cortlever: He tied for 7-8th at Rotterdam 1936 (10th NED-ch, Salo Landau won); took 2nd at Amsterdam 1938 (11th NED-ch, Max Euwe won); won at the 2nd Hoogovens Beverwijk 1939 (Quadrangular); tied for 4-6th at Amsterdam I and 3rd-4th at Amsterdam II in 1939. ; Nicolaas Cortlever: During World War II, he tied for 2nd-3rd at Beverwijk 1940 (Quadrangular, Euwe won); shared 1st with Landau and Lodewijk Prins at Leeuwarden 1940; took 2nd, behind Arthur Wijnans at Beverwijk 1941 (Quadrangular); tied for 14-15th at Munich 1941 (the 2nd Europaturnier, Gösta Stoltz won).[1] ; Nicolaas Cortlever: After the war, he took 4th at Beverwijk 1946 (Alberic O'Kelly de Galway won); tied for 2nd-3rd at Zaandam 1946 (László Szabó won); took 2nd at Beverwijk 1947 (Theo van Scheltinga won); tied for 8-9th at Beverwijk 1948 (Prins won); took 4th at Beverwijk 1950 (Jan Hein Donner won).[2] ; Nicolaas Cortlever: He took 4th at Amsterdam 1950 (15th NED-ch, Euwe won); tied for 7-9th at Enschede 1952 (16th NED-ch, Euwe won); tied for 9-10th at Beverwijk 1953 (Nicolas Rossolimo won); tied for 2nd-3rd at Amsterdam 1954 (17th NED-ch, Donner won); took 2nd, behind Donner, at Amsterdam 1958 (19th NED-ch).[3][4]
Knowledge1:  Aguilar made his debut for El Salvador as a late substitute in an October 2008 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Haiti which proved to be his only international up until October 2010. [sep] Knowledge2: Mario Aguilar (footballer): Mario Edgardo Aguilar Posadas (born July 31, 1984 in Metapán) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for Isidro Metapán in the Primera División de Fútbol de El Salvador. ; Mario Aguilar (footballer): A holding midfielder or central defender, Aguilar has played his entire football career for his hometown club Isidro Metapán. ; Mario Aguilar (footballer): Aguilar made his debut for El Salvador as a late substitute in an October 2008 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Haiti which proved to be his only international up until October 2010. ; Mario Aguilar: Mario Aguilar may refer to: ; Mario Aguilar: Mario Alberto Aguilar (Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1 de agosto de 1978) es un exfutbolista argentino. Su posición natural era la de volante de creación o volante con llegada, aunque también jugó de volante central. Jugó en varios equipos de Argentina como Estudiantes, Lanús, Atlanta y Defensores de Belgrano, entre otros. En Venezuela integró el plantel del Deportivo Italia.
Knowledge1:  Marko Vidović (born on 3 June 1988) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a left back. [sep] Knowledge2: Marko Vidović: Marko Vidović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Видовић; born on 3 June 1988) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a left back. ; Marko Vidović: Full Name: Marko Vidović; Marko Vidović: Shirt Name: VIDOVIĆ
Knowledge1: Hwang Byung-Ju (born 5 March 1984) is a South Korean footballer. Since 2009, he has played for Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC. Hwang previously played for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League. Hwang Byung-ju  Hwang Byung-Ju (born 5 March 1984) is a South Korean footballer. Since 2009, he has played for Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC.  Hwang previously played for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League. [sep] Knowledge2: Hwang Byung-ju: Hwang Byung-Ju (born 5 March 1984) is a South Korean footballer. Since 2009, he has played for Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC. ; Hwang Byung-ju: Hwang previously played for Daejeon Citizen in the K-League. ; Hwang Byung-ju: This biographical article related to a South Korean association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Mark Anthony Smalley (born 2 January 1965) is an English former professional footballer who made 167 appearances in the Football League playing for Nottingham Forest, Birmingham City, Bristol Rovers, Leyton Orient, Mansfield Town and Maidstone United. He played as a central defender.  Smalley was born in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire. When he left school in 1981, he joined Nottingham Forest as an apprentice, and turned professional two years later. He made his debut in the First Division on 19 March 1983, coming on as substitute for Kenny Swain in a 2–0 defeat away at Ipswich Town. Smalley played five times altogether for Forest's first team: one substitute appearance in the league in the 1983–84 season, and three games in September 1984 deputising for Paul Hart, one in the UEFA Cup, one in the League, and the third in the League Cup in which he sustained a hip injury. He spent the last few weeks of the 1985–86 season on loan at First Division Birmingham City, where [sep] Knowledge2: Mark Smalley: Mark Anthony Smalley (born 2 January 1965) is an English former professional footballer who made 167 appearances in the Football League playing for Nottingham Forest, Birmingham City, Bristol Rovers, Leyton Orient, Mansfield Town and Maidstone United.[3] He played as a central defender. ; Mark Smalley: Smalley was born in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire. When he left school in 1981, he joined Nottingham Forest as an apprentice, and turned professional two years later.[1] He made his debut in the First Division on 19 March 1983, coming on as substitute for Kenny Swain in a 2–0 defeat away at Ipswich Town.[4] Smalley played five times altogether for Forest's first team: one substitute appearance in the league in the 1983–84 season,[5] and three games in September 1984 deputising for Paul Hart, one in the UEFA Cup, one in the League, and the third in the League Cup in which he sustained a hip injury.[6][7] He spent the last few weeks of the 1985–86 season on loan at First Division Birmingham City, where his contribution was insufficient to prevent the team losing their last seven games,[8] and spent the first part of the next season at Third Division club Bristol Rovers.[1] ; Mark Smalley: In February 1987 Smalley signed for Orient of the Fourth Division. After two-and-a-half seasons in which he played 64 league games, he joined Mansfield Town, initially on loan, making the deal permanent in January 1990 for a fee of £15,000. He played 49 league games before moving on to Maidstone United, for whom he played 34 games before the club was wound up at the end of the 1991–92 season.[1][3][9] Smalley then moved into non-league football with Conference club Kettering Town, for whom he played 24 games in all competitions,[10][11] Ilkeston Town[1] and Hucknall Town.[12]
Knowledge1: Michal Vacek (born March 10, 1987 in Prague) is a Czech bobsledder. Vacek competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics for the Czech Republic. He teamed with driver Jan Vrba in the two-man event, finishing 24th, and with Vrba, Dominik Dvořák and Dominik Suchý in the four-man event, finishing 16th. As of April 2014, his best showing at the World Championships is 12th, in the 2013 four-man event. Vacek made his World Cup debut in November 2012. As of April 2014, his best finish is 5th, in a four-man event in 2012-13 at Altenberg. [sep] Knowledge2: Michal Vacek: Michal Vacek (* 10. března 1987 Praha) je český bobista a atlet. ; Michal Vacek: Startoval na Zimních olympijských hrách 2014, kde byl členem posádky čtyřbobu, jenž se umístil na 16. místě.[1] S dvojbobem skončil tehdy na 24. příčce.[2] Na mistrovstvích světa obsadil ve čtyřbobech nejlépe 12. místo na MS 2013, v závodech Světového poháru byl ve čtyřbobech nejlépe pátý v Altenbergu v roce 2013. ; Michal Vacek: Jako atlet startoval ve sprinterských bězích na mistrovstvích České republiky. ; Michal Vacek: Michal Vacek (født 10. mars 1987) er en tsjekkisk bobkjører. Han representerte landet sitt under Vinter-OL 2014 i Sotsji, der han ble nummer 16 i firer-bob.[2] ; Czech Republic at the 2014 Winter Olympics: Can you list the top facts and stats about Michal Vacek?
Knowledge1: The Colombian Cycling Federation or FCC (Federación Colombiana de Ciclismo) is the national governing body of cycle racing in Colombia. The FCC is a member of the UCI and COPACI. [sep] Knowledge2: Colombian Cycling Federation: The Colombian Cycling Federation or FCC (Spanish: Federación Colombiana de Ciclismo) is the national governing body of cycle racing in Colombia. ; Colombian Cycling Federation: The FCC is a member of the UCI and COPACI. ; Colombian Cycling Federation: This article about a cycling-related organization is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Colombian Cycling Federation: This article about sports in Colombia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The 1920–21 Northern Football League season was the 28th in the history of the Northern Football League, a football competition in Northern England.  The 1921–22 Northern Football League season was the 29th in the history of the Northern Football League, a football competition in Northern England. [sep] Knowledge2: 1920–21 Northern Football League:  The 1920–21 Northern Football League season was the 28th in the history of the Northern Football League, a football competition in Northern England. ; 1920–21 Northern Football League: The league featured 12 clubs which competed in the last season, along with two new clubs: ; 1921–22 Northern Football League: The league featured 13 clubs which competed in the last season, along with one new club:
Knowledge1: Nelson Semperena  Nelson Eusebio Semperena González (born February 19, 1984 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Los Caimanes of the Peruvian Primera División. [sep] Knowledge2: Nelson Semperena: Nelson Eusebio Semperena González (born February 19, 1984 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Los Caimanes of the Peruvian Primera División. ; Nelson Semperena: This biographical article about a football defender from Uruguay born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Nelson Semperena: Nelson Eusebio Semperena González (Montevideo, Uruguay; 19 de febrero de 1984) es un futbolista uruguayo. Juega de defensa y su club actual es  Mineros de Guayana de la Primera División de Venezuela donde se reencuentra con el que fuera su DT en Zamora; Jesus Chuy Vera logrando importantes triunfos.  ; Nelson Semperena: Comienza su carrera jugando en Defensor Sporting, jugando con jugadores como Maxi Pereira, Diego Perez, Álvaro Gonzalez y Martín Cáceres. Fue parte de la selección uruguaya sub-20 en 2001. ; Nelson Semperena: Competitions / Popular Leagues
Knowledge1: McPherson Meade (born 16 February 1979) is a West Indian cricketer. Meade is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He also plays football for the Montserrat football team as a goalkeeper. He was born on Montserrat. Meade appeared at Under-19 level for the Leeward Islands in 1997 and 1998, making a total of eight appearances for the team. Starting in 2004, Meade played club cricket in England for Chingford Cricket Club. In 2006, Montserrat were invited to take part in the 2006 Stanford 20/20, whose matches held official Twenty20 status. Meade made his Twenty20 debut for Montserrat in their first-round match against Guyana, with their first-class opponents winning the match by 8 wickets. Meade scored 21 runs opening the batting, before he was dismissed by Mahendra Nagamootoo. Meade continued to play club cricket in England for Chingford, who had by 2007 been promoted   the Essex Premier League. In January 2008, Montserrat were invited to part in the 2008 Stanford 20/20, where Meade made two further Twenty20 appearances, in a preliminary round match against the Turks and Caicos Islands and in a first round match against Nevis. Against the Turks and Caicos Islands, he took the wickets of Henry Saunders and Chabbie Charlery, finishing with figures of 2/10 from four overs. He wasn't required to bat in Montserrat's nine wicket victory. Against Nevis, he took the wickets of Runako Morton and Joel Simmonds to finish with figures of 2/22 from four overs. In Montserrat's unsuccessful chase, he was dismissed for 9 runs by Tonito Willett. Later in 2008, he played for Chingford in the Essex Premier League, making seven appearances during the season. He continues to play minor matches for Montserrat and is the current captain of the team. [sep] Knowledge2: McPherson Meade: McPherson Meade (born 16 February 1979) is a West Indian cricketer. Meade is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break. He also plays football for the Montserrat football team as a goalkeeper. He was born on Montserrat. ; McPherson Meade: Meade appeared at Under-19 level for the Leeward Islands in 1997 and 1998, making a total of eight appearances for the team.[1] Starting in 2004, Meade played club cricket in England for Chingford Cricket Club.[1] In 2006, Montserrat were invited to take part in the 2006 Stanford 20/20, whose matches held official Twenty20 status. Meade made his Twenty20 debut for Montserrat in their first-round match against Guyana,[2] with their first-class opponents winning the match by 8 wickets. Meade scored 21 runs opening the batting, before he was dismissed by Mahendra Nagamootoo.[3] ; McPherson Meade: Meade continued to play club cricket in England for Chingford, who had by 2007 been promoted to the Essex Premier League.[4] In January 2008, Montserrat were invited to part in the 2008 Stanford 20/20, where Meade made two further Twenty20 appearances, in a preliminary round match against the Turks and Caicos Islands and in a first round match against Nevis.[2] Against the Turks and Caicos Islands, he took the wickets of Henry Saunders and Chabbie Charlery, finishing with figures of 2/10 from four overs. He wasn't required to bat in Montserrat's nine wicket victory.[5] Against Nevis, he took the wickets of Runako Morton and Joel Simmonds to finish with figures of 2/22 from four overs. In Montserrat's unsuccessful chase, he was dismissed for 9 runs by Tonito Willett.[6] Later in 2008, he played for Chingford in the Essex Premier League, making seven appearances during the season.[4] He continues to play minor matches for Montserrat and is the current captain of the team.[7]
Knowledge1: List of top-division football clubs in CAF countries  This is a list of top-division association football clubs in CAF countries. CAF, the African football confederation, includes all African countries as members.  The French Overseas Department of Réunion and the autonomous island of Zanzibar have their own football associations which are associate members of CAF (but not members of FIFA). Mayotte, a French Overseas Territory, Saint Helena, a British Overseas Territory, and Western Sahara, a disputed territory, are not members of CAF or any other football confederation.  Each of the CAF member countries have their own football league systems. The clubs playing in each top-level league compete for the title as the country's club champions, and also for places in next season's CAF club competitions, i.e., the CAF Champions League and the CAF Confederation Cup. Due to promotion and relegation, the clubs playing in the top-level league in many countries are different every season.  The champions of the previous season in each country are listed in bold. [sep] Knowledge2: Benin national football team: Benin have been affiliated with FIFA since 1962 and are a member of the Confederation of African Football since 1969. They have never qualified for the World Cup, but have participated at four Africa Cups of Nations in 2004, 2008, 2010 and 2019, never placing in the top two in the group stage at all of these occasions. However, Benin has a unique record as the country is the first national team to reach the quarter-finals of an AFCON edition without gaining a single win in their AFCON history.
Knowledge1: The 2012 Uzbekistan First League was the 21st season of 2nd level football in Uzbekistan since 1992. It is split in an Eastern and Western zone, each featuring 12 teams.  League consists of two regional groups: zone "East" and "West". The season comprises two phases. The first phase consists of a regular home-and-away schedule: each team plays the other teams twice. The top eight teams of the first phase from each zone will be merged in one tournament and compete for the championship. The bottom four teams of each zone after first phase will play each other to remain in first league. The draw of the 2012 season was held on 29 February 2012. First League joined Bukhoro-2, Neftchi Khamza, Yuzhanin Navoi, Zaamin from Second League, Lokomotiv BFK and Pakhtakor-2. Imkon-Oltiariq club is replaced by Qo'qon 1912 (former Bunyodkor Qo'qon 1912) and Lokomotiv BFK by FK Atlaschi because of lack of the financial support. FC Yoshlik is replaced in 2nd phase of championship by FK Registon because of club's debts to its players and coaching staff. On August 29, 2012 Yuzhanin Navoi renamed to Zarafshon Navoi.  Last updated: 11 July 2012 Source: Uzbekistan First League [sep] Knowledge2: 2012 Uzbekistan First League: The 2012 Uzbekistan First League was the 21st season of 2nd level football in Uzbekistan since 1992. It is split in an Eastern and Western zone, each featuring 12 teams. ; 2012 Uzbekistan First League: Note: In 2012 season Dynamo Ghallakor renamed to Ghallakor-Avtomobilchi, Jaykhun Nukus to FK Orol Nukus, Bunyodkor Qo'qon 1912 to Qo'qon 1912 and FC Erkurgan to FC Yoshlik ; 2012 Uzbekistan First League: League consists of two regional groups: zone "East" and "West". The season comprises two phases. The first phase consists of a regular home-and-away schedule: each team plays the other teams twice.  The top eight teams of the first phase from each zone will be merged in one tournament and compete for the championship.  The bottom four teams of each zone after first phase will play each other to remain in first league. ; 2012 Uzbekistan First League: The draw of the 2012 season was held on 29 February 2012.[1] ; 2012 Uzbekistan First League: First League joined Bukhoro-2, Neftchi Khamza, Yuzhanin Navoi, Zaamin from Second League, Lokomotiv BFK and Pakhtakor-2.[2] Imkon-Oltiariq club is replaced by Qo'qon 1912 (former Bunyodkor Qo'qon 1912) and Lokomotiv BFK by FK Atlaschi because of lack of the financial support.[3]
Knowledge1: Nevio de Zordo (sometimes listed as Nevio De Zordo, 11 March 1943 – 27 March 2014) was an Italian bobsledder who competed from the mid-1960s until the early 1970s. He won the silver medal in the four-man event at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo. De Zordo also won four medals at the FIBT World Championships with two golds (Two-man: 1969, Four-man: 1970) and two silvers (Two-man: 1967, Four-man: 1965). [sep] Knowledge2: Nevio de Zordo: Nevio de Zordo (sometimes listed as Nevio De Zordo, 11 March 1943 – 27 March 2014) was an Italian bobsledder who competed from the mid-1960s until the early 1970s. He won the silver medal in the four-man event at the 1972 Winter Olympics in Sapporo.[1][2] ; Nevio de Zordo: De Zordo also won four medals at the FIBT World Championships with two golds (Two-man: 1969, Four-man: 1970) and two silvers (Two-man: 1967, Four-man: 1965). ; Nevio de Zordo: This biographical article relating to Italian bobsleigh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Nevio de Zordo: This article about an Italian Winter Olympic medalist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Nevio De Zordo: Per maggiori dettagli vedi qui
Knowledge1: two years represented Ruch Chorzów. His career ended in 1947. Later on he tried to coach several Upper Silesian teams, but without major achievements. Gerard Wodarz Gerard Wodarz (10 August 1913 – 8 November 1982) was one of the best football players of interwar Poland. He was a multiple champion of the country (representing Ruch Wielkie Hajduki, which in January 1939 became Ruch Chorzów) and also played 28 games on the Polish national football team, scoring 9 goals. He was born in 1913 in Wielkie Hajduki (a settlement in Upper Silesia, which in January 1939 became part of the city [sep] Knowledge2: Wojciech Jarmuż: W rundzie jesiennej sezonu 2009/2010 leczył głównie kontuzję i nie zagrał w ani jednym spotkaniu Widzewa. Przed rundą wiosenną rozwiązał kontrakt z łódzkim klubem za porozumieniem stron[6].
Knowledge1: Juan Reynoso (footballer)  Juan Máximo Reynoso Guzmán (born December 28, 1969 in Lima) is a Peruvian professional manager and former footballer. He started his playing career in his native Peru where he played for Alianza Lima from 1986 to 1990. He made over 230 appearances with Cruz Azul where he served as captain and let the team to a historic treble in the 1996–97 season. He later joined Necaxa and retired in 2004 after making playing over 75 games.   At the international level Reynoso capped for the Peru, with 84 appearances from 1986 to 2000, serving as captain from 1993 to 1999. He represented the team at five Copa America tournaments in 1987, 1989, 1993, 1995 and 1999. He also captained the team to reach the semi finals of 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup his final tournament. [sep] Knowledge2: Ricardo González Reinoso: Ricardo Alfredo González Reinoso (San Felipe, 31 de agosto de 1965) es un exfutbolista y entrenador chileno que se desempeñaba como defensa y que destacó por sus pasos por su club de origen, Unión San Felipe y por Unión Española.
Knowledge1: Miroslav Milutinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиpocлaв Mилутинoвић; born February 1, 1985 in Zvornik, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian retired football defender who last played for Kolubara Lazarevac. [sep] Knowledge2: Miroslav Milutinović: Miroslav Milutinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Милутиновић; born February 1, 1985) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian retired football defender.
Knowledge1: Best Player is a 2011 television film that aired on Nickelodeon on March 12, 2011. The movie stars Jerry Trainor and Jennette McCurdy, from the show iCarly. Filming started on October 24, 2009 in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada and wrapped up production on November 18, 2009. [sep] Knowledge2: Sports video game: Numerous sports video games were subsequently released in arcades after Track & Field, including American football games such as 10-Yard Fight (1983) by Irem and Goal to Go (1984) by Stern Electronics, boxing video games such as Nintendo's Punch-Out (1984), martial arts sports fighting games such as Karate Champ (1984),[30][53] the Nintendo VS. System titles Vs. Tennis and Vs. Baseball, Taito's golf game Birdie King II, and Data East's Tag Team Wrestling.[53] 10-Yard Fight in 1983 had a career mode, where the player progresses from high school, to college, professional, playoff, and Super Bowl, as the difficulty increases with each step.[54] Irem's waterskiing game Tropical Angel had a female player character,[55][56] and was one of the two most well-received games at the September 1983 AM Show (along with Hyper Olympic) for its graphics and gameplay.[41] Another sports game with female player characters was Taito's Joshi Volleyball (Big Spikers),[57] which topped the Japanese table arcade cabinet chart in December 1983.[58] Kaneko's Roller Aces was a roller skating game played from a third-person perspective,[59] while Technōs Japan released the wrestling game Tag Team Wrestling.[60]
Knowledge1:  Pike joined Liverpool at the age of 9 and has stayed there ever since. In the 2017/18 season, Pike was promoted to the senior team. She made her debut on 5 December 2017 against Sunderland in a 1–0 loss in the WSL Cup coming on for Ashley Hodson in the 76th minute. On 27 January 2018, Pike made her home and league debut in a 2–0 win coming on in the 81st minute for Jessica Clarke. [sep] Knowledge2: Iker Casillas: In July 2019, following his heart attack two months earlier, Casillas returned for pre-season training.[64] Later that month, Porto announced that he had been given a role with the club's coaching staff as he continued his recovery.[62] In August, he was named in Porto's squad for the 2019–20 season.[65] In September, he shared the results of his medical tests on social media;[66] at the end of the month, he stated that he would wait until March of the following year to see how he is progressing with his recovery before deciding whether to return to playing or retire. In October, he posted a photo of himself working out in the club's gym on Instagram.[67] He resumed training on 4 November.[68]
Knowledge1: Adrian Olah (born 30 April 1981 in Târgu Mureș) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender and as a midfielder. He is a currently the manager of the youth squad Juvenes Târgu Mureș.  Olah made his debut in the Divizia A during the 1998/1999 season at FC Național where he kept on playing until the summer of 2005, when he moved to FCU Politehnica Timișoara as part of the deal which had brought Gigel Coman, Gabriel Cânu, Marius Popa and Gabriel Caramarin to Timișoara earlier that year. Adrian Olah  Adrian Olah (born 30 April 1981 in Târgu Mureș) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender and as a midfielder. He is a currently the manager of the youth squad Juvenes Târgu Mureș. [sep] Knowledge2: Adrian Olah: Adrian Olah (born 30 April 1981 in Târgu Mureș) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender and as a midfielder. He is currently the manager of the youth squad Juvenes Târgu Mureș. ; Adrian Olah: Olah made his debut in the Divizia A during the 1998/1999 season at FC Național where he kept on playing until the summer of 2005, when he moved to FCU Politehnica Timișoara as part of the deal which had brought Gigel Coman, Gabriel Cânu, Marius Popa and Gabriel Caramarin to Timișoara earlier that year. ; Adrian Olah: This biographical article related to a Romanian association football midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Adrian Olah: Adrian Olah (n. 30 aprilie 1981) este un jucător român de fotbal retras din activitate. ; Adrian Olah: Adrian Olah (born 30 April 1981 in Târgu Mureș) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender and as a midfielder. He is currently the manager of the youth squad Juvenes Târgu Mureș.
Knowledge1:  Diogo Jorge Rosado (born 21 February 1990) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Leça F.C. as a midfielder. Formed at Sporting CP, he made 32 Primeira Liga appearances with Feirense, Vitória de Setúbal and Paços de Ferreira, as well as 20 in the second tier for Penafiel and Benfica B. He spent much of his career abroad, in brief spells in England, France, Cyprus, Angola and Romania. [sep] Knowledge2: 2022 in sports: FISU – FISU World University Championships – 2021 Summer World University Games[6]
Knowledge1: Born in Agrinio, Koutsospyros began his playing career with local team Panetolikos.  Christos Koutsospyros (Χρήστος Κουτσοσπύρος; born 14 October 1981) is a Greek footballer. He currently plays for A.E. Ermionida F.C.. [sep] Knowledge2: Christos Koutsospyros: Christos Koutsospyros (Greek: Χρήστος Κουτσοσπύρος; born 14 October 1981) is a Greek retired footballer who played as a forward. ; Christos Koutsospyros: Born in Agrinio, Koutsospyros began his playing career with local team Panetolikos.[1] ; Christos Koutsospyros: This biographical article related to association football in Greece, about a forward, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Christos Koutsospyros: Christos Koutsospyros (Greek: Χρήστος Κουτσοσπύρος; born 14 October 1981) is a Greek retired footballer who played as a forward.; Christos Koutsospyros: Oops something went wrong:
Knowledge1: List of foreign Liga I players  This is a list of foreign players in the Liga I, which commenced play in 1909. The following players must meet both of the following two criteria: More specifically,  Clubs listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game for.  Seasons listed are those that the player has played at least one Liga I game in. Note that seasons, not calendar years, are used. For example, "1992–1995" indicates that the player has played in every season from 1992–1993 to 1994–1995, but not necessarily every calendar year from 1992 to 1995.  In bold: players that have played at least one Liga I game in the current season (2022–2023) and the clubs they've played for. They include players that have subsequently left the club, but do not include current players of a Liga I club that have not played a Liga I game in the current season. [sep] Knowledge2: Juninho (footballer, born 1984): In 2004 he was loaned to Domžale from Londrina Junior Team along with Jhonnes.[2] Later, teammate Lucas also joined him. Juninho remained at the city of Domžale for 4+1⁄2 seasons. His contract with Londrina Junior Team was also renewed in January 2007, as he signed a new five-year contract.[3] He left the club on 2 December 2008.[4]
Knowledge1: George Harold Douglas (18 August 1893 – 1979) was an English professional association footballer who played as a winger. He played over 300 matches and scored 23 goals in the Football League. He moved into non-league football in 1928 as player/manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers until 1930, when he moved to Dover Athletic.  George Douglas (born c. 1869) was a Scottish professional golfer. Douglas tied for third place in the 1896 U.S. Open, held 18 July 1896 at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in Southampton, New York.  Douglas was born in Scotland, circa 1869. George Douglas (golfer)  George Douglas (born c. 1869) was a Scottish professional golfer. Douglas tied for third place in the 1896 U.S. Open, held 18 July 1896 at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in Southampton, New York. George Douglas (footballer)  George Harold Douglas (18 August 1893 – 1979) was an English professional association footballer who played as a winger. He played over 300 matches and scored 23 goals in the Football League. He moved into non-league football in 1928 as player/manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers until 1930, when he moved to Dover United. [sep] Knowledge2: George Douglas (footballer): George Harold Douglas (18 August 1893 – 1979) was an English professional association footballer who played as a winger. He played over 300 matches and scored 23 goals in the Football League. He moved into non-league football in 1928 as player/manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers until 1930, when he moved to Dover United. ; George Douglas (rugby): George Douglas played left-second-row, i.e. number 11, in Batley's 13–7 victory over Wigan in the 1923–24 Championship Final during the 1923–24 season, at The Cliff, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 3 May 1924, in front of a crowd of 13,729. ; Douglas George: He began his career at the Aston Villa Academy in England, and appeared in their 1972 FA Youth Cup winning campaign.[2] In early 1972 George scored two goals for Villa in their 5th round FA Youth Cup replay at Villa Park in a 3–0 win against Chelsea, taking them through to the quarter-finals.[3] ; George Douglas (golfer): George Douglas (born c. 1869) was a Scottish professional golfer. Douglas tied for third place in the 1896 U.S. Open, held 18 July 1896 at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in Southampton, New York.[1][2] ; George Douglas (golfer): Douglas was born in Scotland, circa 1869.
Knowledge1: Street played as a scrum-half for Aston Old Edwardians, Greater Birmingham (over a 20-year period) and North Midlands. [sep] Knowledge2: Ernest Street: Ernest Street (born 1878) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Altrincham, Cheshire. He played for Manchester United and Sale Homefield.
Knowledge1:  Juan Carlos Nevado González (born November 16, 1982 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German field hockey player of Uruguayan and Spanish descent. He was a member of the Men's National Teams that won the gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the 2006 World Cup. As of 2008 Nevado played for Hamburg's Uhlenhorster Hockey Club. In July 2016, he was part of the PwC Germany team who stole a 3 - 1 victory from PwC Manchester despite being out classed for the entire game. In another game against PwC Reading, Reading went 1 - 0 up. This is considered by many critics as the most memorable game on tour. [sep] Knowledge2: Juan Stauskas: Juan Carlos Stauskas (born 6 August 1939) is an Argentine former footballer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.[1][2] ; Juan Stauskas: Juan Carlos Stauskas (born 6 August 1939) is an Argentine former footballer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.[1][2]
Knowledge1: * Won on penalties by Bay Olympic (5-3)  * Won on penalties by Manurewa (5-4) and Western (4-1) Central United, East Coast Bays, Melville United, Onehunga Sports, and Three Kings United received byes to the Third Round.   * Won on penalties by Ngongotaha (6-5), Stop Out (4-1), and Waterside (5-3) ; † New Plymouth OB disqualified for rule infringement  2011 Chatham Cup  The 2011 ASB Chatham Cup is New Zealand's 84th knockout football competition.  The 2011 competition had a preliminary round, a qualification round, and four rounds proper before quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. Competition was run in three regions (northern, central, southern) until the quarter-finals, from which stage the draw was open. In all, 120 teams entered the competition. [sep] Knowledge2: 2011 Chatham Cup: The 2011 ASB Chatham Cup is New Zealand's 84th knockout football competition. ; 2011 Chatham Cup: The 2011 competition had a preliminary round, a qualification round, and four rounds proper before quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final. Competition was run in three regions (northern, central, southern) until the quarter-finals, from which stage the draw was open. In all, 120 teams entered the competition.
Knowledge1: Football in Malta  Football in Malta is run by the Malta Football Association and was introduced to Malta during British rule in the mid-19th century. The sport at the time was new to England, and was used as a means of entertainment for the soldiers stationed in Malta at the various barracks around Malta at the time. In 1863 a football association was formed which governed rules and regulations for this quickly changing sport, which was still in amateur competition stage and played in an un-scheduled format until 1909 when a league format was introduced.  The association runs the national football team, as well as administering the semi-professional Maltese Football League and the Maltese Cup for club sides. [sep] Knowledge2: Maltese Women's Cup: The Maltese Women's Knock-Out is the annual cup competition for women's football teams in Malta. Established in 1995–96, the competition is organised by the Malta Football Association.
Knowledge1: The 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament was held at Durham Bulls Athletic Park in Durham, NC from May 20 through May 24. It was the first time the tournament has been played at the ballpark since 1999 and fourth time overall since the ballpark opened in 1995. The #6 seeded Virginia Cavaliers won the tournament with a perfect 4–0 record, earning the Atlantic Coast Conference's automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. It was Virginia's first conference championship in baseball since 1996, and their second tournament championship ever. The tournament was originally scheduled to be contested at Fenway Park in Boston, home of Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox. But on August 14, 2008, it was announced by Fenway Sports Group, along with the Atlantic Coast Conference, that the location of the tournament would have to be changed due to a scheduling error. The ACC chose the Bulls' ballpark as Fenway's replacement. 2009 was the third year in which the conference used a round robin tournament format, with the team with the best record in each group at the end of the three-game round robin advancing to a one-game championship.  (*)Denotes Unanimous Selection 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament  The 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament was held at Durham Bulls Athletic Park in Durham, North Carolina, from May 20 through 24. It was the first time the tournament has been played at the ballpark since 1999 and fourth time overall since the ballpark opened in 1995. The #6 seeded Virginia Cavaliers won the tournament with a perfect 4–0 record, earning the Atlantic Coast Conference's automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Division I baseball tournament. It was Virginia's first conference championship in baseball since 1996, and their second tournament championship ever.  The tournament was originally scheduled to be contested at Fenway Park in Boston, home of Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox. But on August 14, 2008, it was announced by Fenway Sports Group, along with the Atlantic Coast Conference, that the location of the tournament would have to be changed due to a scheduling error. The ACC chose the Bulls' ballpark as Fenway's replacement.  2009 was the third year in which the conference used a round robin tournament format, with the team with the best record in each group at the end of the three-game round robin advancing to a one-game championship. [sep] Knowledge2: 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament: The 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament was held at Durham Bulls Athletic Park in Durham, North Carolina, from May 20 through 24. It was the first time the tournament has been played at the ballpark since 1999 and fourth time overall since the ballpark opened in 1995. The #6 seeded Virginia Cavaliers won the tournament with a perfect 4–0 record, earning the Atlantic Coast Conference's automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.  It was Virginia's first conference championship in baseball since 1996, and their second tournament championship ever. ; 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament: The tournament was originally scheduled to be contested at Fenway Park in Boston, home of Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox. But on August 14, 2008, it was announced by Fenway Sports Group, along with the Atlantic Coast Conference, that the location of the tournament would have to be changed due to a scheduling error. The ACC chose the Bulls' ballpark as Fenway's replacement. ; 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament: 2009 was the third year in which the conference used a round robin tournament format, with the team with the best record in each group at the end of the three-game round robin advancing to a one-game championship. ; 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament: From TheACC.com: ; 2009 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament: The top two teams from both the Atlantic and Coastal divisions, as determined by conference winning percentage, in addition to the four teams with the next best conference winning percentage, regardless of division, will be selected to participate in the ACC Baseball Championship. The two division champions will automatically be seeded number one and two based on winning percentage in overall conference competition. The remaining teams will be seeded (three through eight) based on winning percentage in overall conference competition without regard to division. All ties will be broken using the tie-breaking provisions.[2]
Knowledge1: Timon Dobias (born 28 July 1989) is a retired Slovak football player. [sep] Knowledge2: Timon Dobias: Timon Dobias (born 28 July 1989) is a retired Slovak football player. ; Timon Dobias: Dobias is a product of 1. FC Košice, later renamed to MFK, youth squads. He made his Corgoň Liga debut two days before his 19th birthday in a 1–0 away win against Dukla Banská Bystrica. He scored his first goal in a 1–0 home win against DAC Dunajská Streda on 5 March 2011. ; Timon Dobias: On 31 July 2019 it was announced, that Dobias had decided to retire due to chronic health problems, spending most of his career in clubs from Košice Region.[1] ; Timon Dobias: This biographical article related to a midfielder from Slovakia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Timon Dobias: Competitions / Popular Leagues
Knowledge1:  Mutanda Kwesele (born March 14, 1986 in Mufulira) is a Zambian footballer.  Kwesele moved from his native Zambia to the United States with his family as a child, settling in Seattle, Washington. He attended Seattle Preparatory School, where he was a two-time All-Metro and All-District selection, and began his college soccer at Santa Clara University. He transferred to Seattle University prior to his sophomore season in 2006, and played three seasons with the Redhawks, helping the team reach the NCAA tournament in back-to-back seasons in 2006 and 2007. He played in 42 games during his college career, recording two goals and five assists. During his college years Kwesele also played with the Tacoma Tide in the USL Premier Development League in 2007, playing in 10 games and scoring 1 goal.  Undrafted out of college, Kwesele was unable to secure a professional contract, and signed instead to play with the Portland Timbers U23s in the USL Premier Development League in 2009. He signed his first professional contract in 2011 when he signed with FC Edmonton of the North American Soccer League. He made his debut for Edmonton on May 4, 2011, in a 1-0 loss to Toronto FC in the 2011 Nutrilite Canadian Championship. The club released Kwesele on October 12, 2011 after the conclusion of the 2011 season. [sep] Knowledge2: Mutanda Kwesele: Mutanda Kwesele (born March 14, 1986 in Mufulira) is a Zambian footballer. ; Mutanda Kwesele: Kwesele moved from his native Zambia to the United States with his family as a child, settling in Seattle, Washington. He attended Seattle Preparatory School, where he was a two-time All-Metro and All-District selection, and began his college soccer at Santa Clara University. He transferred to Seattle University prior to his sophomore season in 2006, and played three seasons with the Redhawks, helping the team reach the NCAA tournament in back-to-back seasons in 2006 and 2007. He played in 42 games during his college career, recording two goals and five assists. ; Mutanda Kwesele: During his college years Kwesele also played with the Tacoma Tide in the USL Premier Development League in 2007, playing in 10 games and scoring 1 goal.[1] ; Mutanda Kwesele: Undrafted out of college, Kwesele was unable to secure a professional contract, and signed instead to play with the Portland Timbers U23s in the USL Premier Development League in 2009.[2] ; Mutanda Kwesele: He signed his first professional contract in 2011 when he signed with FC Edmonton of the North American Soccer League.
Knowledge1:  At the age of 17 in 2001, Marc-Herold Gracien was considered as the fastest player in France by beating Nicolas Anelka's record after a physical test at Clarefontaine (The National Institute of Soccer) [sep] Knowledge2: Marc Hérold Gracien: At the age of 17 in 2001, Marc-Herold Gracien was considered as the fastest player in France by beating Nicolas Anelka's record after a physical test at Clarefontaine (The National Institute of Soccer)
Knowledge1: Barrie George Aitchison (born 15 November 1937) is an English former footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Colchester United, where he came through the youth ranks before joining Tottenham Hotspur, but failed to make a first-team appearance. His older brother Peter also played professionally for Colchester United.  As a result of his footballing and injury suffered while with Colchester United, Aitchison underwent a cartilage operation in 1970. Following his retirement from the professional game, he worked for Alston's in Colchester, a furniture upholsterers.  Born in Colchester, Aitchison followed in his brother Peter's footsteps by joining Colchester United from Border League football in 1953, but was considered too slight and was released in 1954, joining Tottenham Hotspur. He spent ten years with the club, mostly in the reserves and other minor sides, during which time they won the Football Combination twice. A fee of £750 brought Aitchison back to Layer Road in 1964 having failed to make a first-team breakthrough whilst at Tottenham. Aitchison made his Colchester debut on 22 August 1964 in a 1–0 defeat at home to Carlisle United. He scored his first professional goal on 2 [sep] Knowledge2: Barrie Aitchison: Barrie George Aitchison (15 November 1937 – 23 November 2021) was an English footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Colchester United, where he came through the youth ranks before joining Tottenham Hotspur, but failed to make a first-team appearance. His older brother Peter also played professionally for Colchester United. ; Barrie Aitchison: Born in Colchester, Aitchison followed in his brother Peter's footsteps by joining Colchester United from Border League football in 1953, but was considered too slight and was released in 1954, joining Tottenham Hotspur. He spent ten years with the club, mostly in the reserves and other minor sides, during which time they won the Football Combination twice. A fee of £750 brought Aitchison back to Layer Road in 1964 having failed to make a first-team breakthrough whilst at Tottenham.[2] ; Barrie Aitchison: Aitchison made his Colchester debut on 22 August 1964 in a 1–0 defeat at home to Carlisle United.[3] He scored his first professional goal on 2 September of the same year in a 1–1 League Cup draw with Torquay United,[4] going on to score six goals in the Football League in 50 games for the club.[5] In September 1965, during a 2–0 home victory over Rochdale,[6] Aitchison suffered an injury that would ultimately lead to his retirement from the full-time game,[2] as he went on to play his final Football League and final professional game on 28 May 1966, a 2–1 away defeat to Newport County.[7] ; Barrie Aitchison: After declining Colchester's offer of a part-time contract for the 1966–67 season, Aitchison moved to non-league Cambridge City before transferring to Bury Town a season later.[2] ; Barrie Aitchison: As a result of his footballing and injury suffered while with Colchester United, Aitchison underwent a cartilage operation in 1970. Following his retirement from the professional game, he worked for Alston's in Colchester, a furniture upholsterers.[2]
Knowledge1: Oyanaisis Gelis  Oyanaisis Gelis González (born October 21, 1983) is a Cuban women's basketball player. Playing as a guard she won the gold medal with the Cuba women's national basketball team at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Her first name is sometimes also spelled as Oyanaisy.  She was a member of the team which competed for Cuba at the 2015 Pan American Games, winning a bronze medal.  <references /> [sep] Knowledge2: Oyanaisis Gelis: Oyanaisis Gelis González (born October 21, 1983) is a Cuban women's basketball player. Playing as a guard she won the gold medal with the Cuba women's national basketball team at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Her first name is sometimes also spelled as Oyanaisy. ; Oyanaisis Gelis: She was a member of the team which competed for Cuba at the 2015 Pan American Games,[1] winning a bronze medal.[2] ; Oyanaisis Gelis: This biographical article relating to a Cuban basketball figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Afternoon, a story (1987, 1990) ; Victory Garden (1992) ; Patchwork Girl (1995) ; The Imaginary 20th Century (2016) ; Poesie Elettroniche (2016) ; Notes Toward Absolute Zero (1995) ; Déprise (2010) ; Figurski at Findhorn on Acid (2001, 2021) [sep] Knowledge2: afternoon, a story: Robert Coover reviewed this work i  August 29, 1993  in the New York Times Book Review, "Hyperfiction; And Now, Boot Up the Reviews"[3]
Knowledge1: Bed (short story collection)  Bed is a short story collection by Tao Lin, published in 2007. It was published simultaneously with his first novel, "Eeeee Eee Eeee". The two books were his first books of prose. [sep] Knowledge2: Bed (short story collection): Bed is a short story collection by Tao Lin, published in 2007. It was published simultaneously with his first novel, Eeeee Eee Eeee. The two books were his first books of prose. ; Bed (short story collection): 1. LOVE IS A THING ON SALE FOR MORE MONEY THAN THERE EXISTS 2. THREE-DAY CRUISE 3. SUBURBAN TEENAGE WASTELAND BLUES 4. SINCERITY 5. LOVE IS THE INDIFFERENT GOD OF THE RELIGION IN WHICH UNIVERSE IS CHURCH 6. CULL THE STEEL HEART, MELT THE ICE ONE, LOVE THE WEAK THING; SAY NOTHING OF CONSOLATION, BUT IRRELEVANCE, DISASTER, AND NONEXISTENCE; HAVE NO HOPE OR HATE—NOTHING; RUIN YOURSELF EXCLUSIVELY, COMPLETELY, AND WHENEVER POSSIBLE 7. NINE, TEN 8. INSOMNIA FOR A BETTER TOMORROW 9. SASQUATCH ; Bed (short story collection): Stories in Bed first appeared in Mississippi Review, Cincinnati Review, Portland Review, Other Voices, among other magazines. The first story was the winner of One Story's annual story contest. ; Bed (short story collection): Bed received few but mostly positive reviews. Time Out Chicago said of it: "Employing Raymond Carver’s poker face and Lydia Davis’s bleak analytical mind, Lin renders ordinary—but tortured—landscapes of failed connections among families and lovers that will be familiar to anyone who has been unhappy."[1] KGB Lit Journal said of it: "This is the territory of the young—college students, graduate students, recent graduates—and the stories are mainly concerned with the characters' romantic relationships. In structure and tone, they have the feel of early Lorrie Moore and Deborah Eisenberg. Like Moore's characters, there are a lot of plays on language and within each story, a return to the same images or ideas—or jokes. And like Moore, most of these characters live in New York, are unemployed or recently employed, and are originally from somewhere more provincial (Florida in Lin's case, Wisconsin in Moore's). However, Lin knows to dig a little deeper into his characters—something we see in Moore's later stories, but less so in her early ones.[2] ; Bed (short story collection): This article about a collection of short stories published in the 2010s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Watchers at the Strait Gate  Watchers at the Strait Gate is a collection of stories by American writer Russell Kirk. It was released in 1984 and was the author's second book published by Arkham House, and Kirk's third collection of supernatural stories. It was published in an edition of 3,459 copies. [sep] Knowledge2: Russell Kirk bibliography: See the "Fiction" subsection of the article on Kirk for a descriptive overview of his fiction.
Knowledge1: Bone (comics)  Bone is an American independently-published graphic novel series, written and illustrated by Jeff Smith, originally serialized in 55 irregularly released issues from 1991 to 2004. The series was self-published by Smith's Cartoon Books for issues #1-20, by Image Comics from issues #21-27, and back to Cartoon Books for issues #28-55.  Smith's black-and-white drawings, inspired by animated cartoons and comic strips, are singularly characterized by a mixture of both light-hearted comedy and dark fantasy thriller. The author, Jeff Smith, describes the comics as "a fish-out-of-water story. There are three modern characters who happen to be cartoons in the mold of Donald Duck or Bugs Bunny, and get lost in a fairy-tale valley. They spend a year there and make friends and enemies, finding themselves caught up in the trials and tribulations of the valley, and even a war".  "Bone" has received numerous awards, among them ten Eisner Awards and eleven Harvey Awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Kathy Reichs: 1997 Kirkus Reviews – starred review[23] ; Kathy Reichs: 1997 Library Journal – starred review [23] ; Kathy Reichs: 1997 Publishers Weekly – starred review [23] ; Bones to Ashes: The opening two chapters provide details of Brennan's childhood and her holiday friendship on Pawleys Island, South Carolina, with an Acadian girl, Evangeline Landry, who mysteriously disappeared in her early teens.
Knowledge1: Only Human is a BBC Books original novel written by Gareth Roberts and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It was published on 8 September 2005, alongside The Deviant Strain and The Stealers of Dreams. It features the Ninth Doctor, Rose Tyler and Captain Jack.  Only Human by Eileen Wilks is a short story in the Lover Beware anthology. It is also the first story in the World of the Lupi series. It came out in July 2003. Only Human (2008)  Only Human (novel)  Only Human is a BBC Books original novel written by Gareth Roberts and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was published on 8 September 2005, alongside "The Deviant Strain" and "The Stealers of Dreams". It features the Ninth Doctor, Rose Tyler and Captain Jack. [sep] Knowledge2: Only Human: Only Human may refer to:
Knowledge1: Out of the Dark is an alien invasion science fiction novel by David Weber released by Tor Books on September 28, 2010. It is an extended version of the short story of the same name published in the 2010 anthology Warriors edited by Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin. A sequel, titled Into the Light, was published more than a decade later in January 2021.  Out of the Dark (1995) is a children's novel by Canadian author Welwyn Wilton Katz. It centres on a young boy who had recently lost his mother, and who has just moved with his remaining family to a small village near L'Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland. The book deals with his attempts to come to grips with his mother's death, his difficulty settling into his new home, his escapist fantasies about the long-ago Viking settlers of the area, and how these three strands interact. The novel was nominated for a Governor General's Award. 1) Out of the Dark (September 2010; ISBN: 978-0-7653-2412-2) is an extended version of the 78-page story of the same name in the anthology Warriors (2010), edited by George R. R. Martin and Gardner Dozois. ISBN: 978-0-7653-2048-3. ; 2) Into the Light (January 2021; ISBN: 9780765331458), coauthored with Chris Kennedy, is a sequel to Out of the Dark.   Out of the Dark (1964) is a thriller novel by Ursula Curtiss, about how a prank call by a couple of teenagers ends up with a murderer on their trail. In 1965, the novel was filmed as I Saw What You Did, directed by William Castle and starring Joan Crawford; and again in 1988 for television with the same title, starring Shawnee Smith, Tammy Lauren and David and Robert Carradine. [sep] Knowledge2: Out of Darkness (novel): The novel begins with the school explosion and then recounts prior events,[1] beginning in September 1936. Seventeen-year old Naomi Vargas,[4]  a high school senior who originates from San Antonio, moves in with her oil field worker stepfather. She becomes friends and falls in love with Wash Fuller, an African-American boy. Naomi deals with overt racism in New London and her history with her stepfather.[5] After the explosion occurs, the townspeople blame Wash for the disaster.[6] ; Out of Darkness (novel): Wash and his father narrowly avoid being lynched by the townspeople. Naomi tries to escape with Wash and his family, but she is discovered by her stepfather. Her stepfather rapes her, and she and Wash are killed. Naomi's brother, Beto, escapes. ; Out of Darkness (novel): The four primary characters are:[3] ; Out of the Dark (Wilton Katz novel): Out of the Dark (1995) is a children's novel by Canadian author Welwyn Wilton Katz.  It centres on a young boy who had recently lost his mother, and who has just moved with his remaining family to a small village near L'Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland.  The book deals with his attempts to come to grips with his mother's death, his difficulty settling into his new home, his escapist fantasies about the long-ago Viking settlers of the area, and how these three strands interact. The novel was nominated for a Governor General's Award.[1]
Knowledge1: Chinese Dream  The Chinese Dream () is a term closely associated with Xi Jinping, the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and China's paramount leader. Xi began promoting the phrase as a slogan during a high-profile tour of an exhibit at the National Museum of China in November 2012, shortly after he became leader of the CCP. The exhibit at that time was called the "Road to National Rejuvenation", and Xi said that the Chinese Dream is the "great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" ().  Since then, use of the phrase has become widespread in official announcements and as the embodiment of the leadership's political ideology under Xi Jinping. Xi said that young people should "dare to dream, work assiduously to fulfill the dreams and contribute to the revitalization of the nation." There are various connotations and interpretations of the term. [sep] Knowledge2: The National Dream (book): The National Dream is a 1970 Canadian non-fiction book by Pierre Berton describing the planning and commencement of the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1871 and 1881. ; The National Dream (book): Following the book's success, a 1971 sequel (The Last Spike) described the construction phase between 1881 and 1885. Both books formed the basis for the TV miniseries The National Dream. ; The National Dream (book): This article about a non-fiction book on Canadian history is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The National Dream: The National Dream may refer to: ; Pierre Berton: He had lived in nearby Kleinburg, Ontario, for about 50 years.[92]
Knowledge1: Saints of Big Harbour is a novel by Lynn Coady, published in 2002 by Doubleday Canada. It was Coady's first novel to be published in the United States.  In Saints of Big Harbour, Coady portrays a small community of Cape Breton Island, found off the coast of Nova Scotia. The book focuses on the perspectives of the main character, Guy Boucher, a fatherless Acadian teenager, and of those who surround him: his alcoholic uncle Isadore, a quietly wise girl named Pam, his draft-dodger English teacher and a group of boys stuck in emotional adolescence. As the story unfolds it becomes clear that Guy lives in a community firmly characterized by clichés of gender, beauty, strength, family and love. Saints of Big Harbour  Saints of Big Harbour is a novel by Lynn Coady, published in 2002 by Doubleday Canada. It was Coady's first novel to be published in the United States. [sep] Knowledge2: Lynn Coady: Mean Boy was recognized as a "Best Book" in 2006. The novel is a first person account of 19-year-old Lawrence Campbell during his first year of university in a small New Brunswick town. The year is 1975 and Campbell has dreams of becoming a poet. He was drawn away from his rural Prince Edward Island home by the allure of studying with his poet hero, Jim Arsenault. As Campbell progresses through the year, much of Arsenault's shine wears off and Campbell learns that people are not always what one expects, but rather are complex and multi-dimensional.[4][5][6][7] ; Lynn Coady: Coady's 2011 novel The Antagonist concerns the life of Gordon Rankin, Coady's fictional character known more commonly in the novel as Rank. The character reflects how being cast as a hockey goon and tough guy impacted his life. In response to a novel written about him by an old university friend Rank dedicates himself to providing his own account of events from his past. The reader is brought into Rank's world and exposed to his hurts, joys, and ultimately the realization that one must narrate their own lives and reject the labels others may try to give you.[8] This novel was shortlisted for the 2011 Scotiabank Giller Prize;.[9] ; Lynn Coady: Coady now lives in Toronto, Ontario. ;  Imu : They were revealed and first appear during the Levely Arc. ;  Imu : Little is known about Imu's personality, but they have developed a particular interest in Monkey D. Luffy, Marshall D. Teach, Shirahoshi, and Nefertari Vivi. During the events of the Levely, Imu kept wanted posters or photos of all four on their person. Despite this, Imu seems to have a calm demeanor, as shown when they gently handled the butterflies in the Room of Flowers; though in that same moment, Imu was also shown to have left the aforementioned pictures (save for Vivi's) pierced through and cut apart by weapons.[2]
Knowledge1: Endpeace  Endpeace is a 1996 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the thirteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone. [sep] Knowledge2: Endpeace: Endpeace is a 1996 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the thirteenth book featuring Sydney detective Scobie Malone. ; Endpeace: The book starts with Scovie attending a dinner party held by a publishing tycoon. During the night the tycoon is shot dead and Scobie has to find the killer.[1] ; Endpeace: As part of his research for the novel, Cleary visited the offices of the Sydney Morning Herald. However, he denied the publishing family in the book was based on the Fairfaxes, who then owned the Herald.[2] ; Endpeace: Reviewer Stuart Coupe said that, "over recent years Cleary's books have varied in quality but this is a superior effort from an acknowledged master of the genre."[3] ; Jon Cleary: Cleary lived in Italy for a year then returned home to Australia in 1953 after seven years away.[10][11]
Knowledge1: Turning On is a collection of thirteen science fiction short stories by American writer Damon Knight. The stories were originally published between 1951 and 1965 in Galaxy, Analog and other science fiction magazines. An Ace paperback reprinting in 1967 omitted the story "The Handler". This story was also omitted in the 1966 reissue of the Doubleday hardback edition. [sep] Knowledge2: Writer: Every novel worthy of the name is like another planet, whether large or small, which has its own laws just as it has its own flora and fauna. Thus, Faulkner's technique is certainly the best one with which to paint Faulkner's world, and Kafka's nightmare has produced its own myths that make it communicable. Benjamin Constant, Stendhal, Eugène Fromentin, Jacques Rivière, Radiguet, all used different techniques, took different liberties, and set themselves different tasks.François Mauriac, novelist[9]
Knowledge1: Something More is a science fantasy novel by Paul Cornell, first published by Gollancz in 2001. It was Cornell's first (non-tie-in) novel to be published. The novel is set in a future Britain circa 2248, and the plot centres on the investigation of a mysterious stately home called Heartsease. Something More (novel)  Something More is a science fantasy novel by Paul Cornell, first published by Gollancz in 2001. It was Cornell's first (non-tie-in) novel to be published.  The novel is set in a future Britain circa 2248, and the plot centres on the investigation of a mysterious stately home called Heartsease. [sep] Knowledge2: Something More: Something More may refer to:
Knowledge1: The Romantic (2003) is the sixth novel by Canadian novelist and short story writer Barbara Gowdy. It was longlisted for the Man Booker Prize in the same year [sep] Knowledge2: Romance novel: By 2000, the covers had begun to evolve from featuring a scantily clad couple to showing a view of the landscape featured in the novel.[14]
Knowledge1: Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was first published in 2011 in the UK. It is a psychological thriller whose central character is a fourteen-year-old girl called Maya who has just moved to the countryside with her parents and brother. She senses an evil presence in the hotel where they are living and makes a horrific discovery in the forest nearby. Buried Thunder  Buried Thunder is a young adult novel written by British author Tim Bowler. It was first published in 2011 in the UK. It is a psychological thriller whose central character is a fourteen-year-old girl called Maya who has just moved to the countryside with her parents and brother. She senses an evil presence in the hotel where they are living and makes a horrific discovery in the forest nearby. [sep] Knowledge2: Tim Bowler: The Sunday Telegraph has called him "the master of the psychological thriller"[2] and The Independent "one of the truly individual voices in voices in British teenage fiction".[3] ; Tim Bowler: Bowler was born in Leigh-on-Sea, and educated at the University of East Anglia where he studied Swedish and Scandinavian studies.[4] ; Hugh Howey: He began the series in 2011, initially writing Wool as a standalone short story.[7] His first book was initially published with a small press.[8] After that, he decided to publish through Amazon.com's Kindle Direct Publishing system because of the freedom of self-publishing. After the series grew in popularity, he began to write more entries for it.[9] Howey began soliciting international rights in 2012, including signing a deal for Brazil.[10] Film rights to the series were sold to 20th Century Fox; Lionsgate also expressed interest.[11]
Knowledge1:  Time Enough for Love is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert A. Heinlein, first published in 1973. The work was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1973 and both the Hugo and Locus Awards in 1974. [sep] Knowledge2: Time Enough for Love: The first half of the book takes the form of several novellas connected by Lazarus's retrospective narrative.  In the framing story, Lazarus has decided that life is no longer worth living, but, in what is described as a reverse Arabian Nights scenario, agrees not to end his life for as long as his companion and descendant, chief executive of the Howard Families Ira Weatheral, will listen to his stories. ; Time Enough for Love: A short scene-setter introduces a planet on which Lazarus has led a group of pioneering colonists. ; Time Enough for Love: At the beginning of this story, Lazarus has regained his enthusiasm for life, and the remainder of the book is told in a conventional linear manner. Accompanied by some of his descendants, Lazarus has now moved to a new planet and established a polyamorous family, with three men, three women, and a larger number of children, two of whom are female clones of Lazarus. ; Time Enough for Love: In the trenches of the Western Front in France, he is mortally wounded, but is rescued at the last moment by his future companions from the framing story and returned to his own time. ; Time Enough for Love: What ties most of the stories together is that they are an examination and deconstruction of incest. In the context of his "tales" Heinlein examines the morality of a variety of possible incestuous situations: from unrelated "twins", to unrelated parent-child, to distant relatives, and finally close relatives when Lazarus sleeps with his own mother. Heinlein seems to conclude that, absent genetic risk, it is not immoral at all.[3][4]
Knowledge1:  Operator is a play by David Williamson. Williamson's son Rory played the lead role during its original production. [sep] Knowledge2: Help:Searching: Matches are included for section headings, members of matching categories, and destination pages of redirects. These will show off to the side of the page name, parenthetically. ; Help:Searching: Click "Add namespaces…" to select namespaces individually.  ; Help:Searching: You can just drag items on the page the name up to the web browser search box while on any web site, even in the lower sections of a Wikipedia page, where no search box is immediately available.
Knowledge1:  Sail was born in London and brought up in Exeter. He studied French and German at Oxford University and subsequently taught for some years in Kenya, before returning to the UK, where he taught at Blundell's School and, later, Exeter School (where the modern languages department was headed by Harry Guest, another published poet). He is now a freelance writer. Sail has published nine poetry collections, the most recent being Eye-Baby (2006); The World Returning (2002), Building into Air (1995), and Out of Land: New and Selected Poems (1992), and has edited a number of anthologies, including The New Exeter Book of Riddles (1999) with Kevin [sep] Knowledge2: Sail: Sails from ancient Egypt are depicted around 3200 BCE,[10][11] where reed boats sailed upstream against the River Nile's current. Ancient Sumerians used square rigged sailing boats at about the same time, and it is believed they established sea trading routes as far away as the Indus valley. Greeks and Phoenicians began trading by ship by around 1200 BCE.
Knowledge1: Fire is an apocalyptic science fiction/horror novel by Alan Rodgers, published in 1990 as an original paperback from Bantam Books. It was reprinted by specialty publisher Wildside Press in 2000.  Fire is a fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore, a companion book to her debut novel, Graceling. It tells the story of a young monster in the shape of a human who is hated because of her difference and supernatural abilities. The novel debuted at number four on The New York Times Best Seller list and won several awards. [sep] Knowledge2: Fire (Cashore novel): Fire is a fantasy novel by Kristin Cashore, a companion book to her debut novel, Graceling. It tells the story of a young monster in the shape of a human who is hated because of her difference and supernatural abilities. The novel debuted at number four on The New York Times Best Seller list[1] and won several awards.
Knowledge1:  Carnival of Souls is an original novel based on the U.S. television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Ifmagazine.com - Review of this book ; Shadowcat.name - Review of this book [sep] Knowledge2: Carnival of Souls: In Kansas, Mary Henry is riding in a car with two other young women when two men challenge them to a road race. During the race, the women's car is nudged by the boys’ and plunges off a bridge into a muddy river. Three hours after the police start dredging the water to look for them, Mary miraculously surfaces on the river bank, but cannot remember how she survived. ; Carnival of Souls: Mary continues experiencing visions of The Man and also rejects the repeated advances of John, a neighboring lodger. Mary goes to the pavilion by herself to investigate but does not find anything. Later, Mary begins experiencing terrifying interludes when she becomes invisible and inaudible to the rest of the world, as if she were not there. During one of these episodes, Mary meets Dr. Samuels who offers to help her while acknowledging he is not a psychiatrist. Mary returns to the church by herself to practice the organ and finds herself shifting from a hymn to eerie music. In a trance, she sees visions of The Man and other ghouls dancing at the pavilion. The minister, hearing the strange music, denounces it as sacrilege and insists that Mary resign. ; Carnival of Souls: That night, Mary accompanies John to a bar. Terrified of being alone with her nightmares, Mary tells John she wants his company. When they return home, John tries to convince Mary to let him stay the night, however Mary becomes hysterical when she sees The Man in the mirror. John leaves, believing Mary to be insane. The following morning, Mary returns to the pavilion where she encounters The Man and his fellow ghouls. She tries frantically to escape, however the locals do not acknowledge her and she only encounters more ghouls until she wakes up, revealing the previous scene to be merely a nightmare. She is later drawn back to the pavilion once again, where she finds the ghouls dancing, with a ghoul version of herself paired with The Man. She tries to run away but is chased by the ghouls onto the beach, where she collapses as they close in. ; File:Carnival of Souls (1962) by Herk Harvey.webm: العربية ∙ Deutsch ∙ English ∙ español ∙ français ∙ galego ∙ italiano ∙ 日本語 ∙ 한국어 ∙ македонски ∙ português ∙ português do Brasil ∙ русский ∙ sicilianu ∙ slovenščina ∙ українська ∙ 简体中文 ∙ 繁體中文 ∙ +/−
Knowledge1: Horace  Quintus Horatius Flaccus (; 8 December 65 – 27 November 8 BC), known in the English-speaking world as Horace (), was the leading Roman lyric poet during the time of Augustus (also known as Octavian). The rhetorician Quintilian regarded his "Odes" as just about the only Latin lyrics worth reading: "He can be lofty sometimes, yet he is also full of charm and grace, versatile in his figures, and felicitously daring in his choice of words."  Horace also crafted elegant hexameter verses ("Satires" and "Epistles") and caustic iambic poetry ("Epodes"). The hexameters are amusing yet serious works, friendly in tone, leading the ancient satirist Persius to comment: "as his friend laughs, Horace slyly puts his finger on his every fault; once let in, he plays about the heartstrings".  His career coincided with Rome's momentous change from a republic to an empire. An officer in the republican army defeated at the Battle of Philippi in 42 BC, he was befriended by Octavian's right-hand man in civil affairs, Maecenas, and became a spokesman for the new regime. For some commentators, his association with the regime was a delicate balance in which he maintained a strong measure of independence (he was "a master of the graceful sidestep") but for others he was, in John Dryden's phrase, "a well-mannered court slave". [sep] Knowledge2: Arne Garborg: "It is said that with money you can have everything, but you cannot. You can buy food, but not appetite; medicine but not health; knowledge but not wisdom; glitter, but not beauty; fun, but not joy; acquaintances, but not friends; servants, but not faithfulness; leisure, but not peace. You can have the husk of everything for money, but not the kernel."[4]
Knowledge1:  Rage is a 1987 novel by Wilbur Smith set in the Union of South Africa, immediately following World War II. It starts in 1952 and goes until the late 1960s, touching on the country's declaration of a republic and the subsequent Sharpeville Massacre. The plot centers around Shasa Courtney and black resistance leader Moses Gama. Smith described it at the time as "the most onerous book I have ever written... and also the biggest book" because of its subject matter. At the time of its publication it was the longest South African novel with the paperback having 626 pages. The previous record holder had been Madge Swindells' 1983 novel Summer Harvest, which had 26 fewer pages. [sep] Knowledge2: Rage (King novel): Charlie Decker, a Maine high school senior, is called to a meeting with his principal about a previous incident in which he struck his chemistry teacher with a pipe wrench, leading to the teacher's hospitalization and Charlie's suspension. Charlie then subjects the principal to a series of insulting remarks, resulting in his expulsion. Charlie storms out of the office and retrieves a pistol from his locker, then sets the contents of his locker on fire. He then returns to his classroom and fatally shoots his algebra teacher, Miss Jean Underwood. The fire triggers an alarm, but Charlie forces his classmates to stay in the room, killing a history teacher, Mr. Peter Vance, when he attempts to enter. As the other students and teachers evacuate the school, the police and media arrive at the scene. ; Rage (King novel): Interspersed throughout are flashbacks to Charlie's troubled childhood, particularly his tumultuous relationship with his abusive father Carl. Other incidents include a violent disagreement between two female students and a police sniper's attempt to shoot Charlie through the heart. However, Charlie survives due to having earlier put the combination lock from his locker into the breast pocket of his shirt, where it stops the bullet. ; Rage (King novel): Charlie finally realizes that only one student is really being held against his will: a seeming "Big Man On Campus" named Ted Jones, who is harboring his own secrets. Ted also realizes this and attempts to escape the classroom, but the other students brutally assault him, driving him into a battered catatonic state. At 1:00 p.m., Charlie releases the students, but Ted is unable to move under his own power and remains. When the police chief enters the classroom, the now-unarmed Charlie feigns shooting him, attempting suicide by cop. The chief shoots Charlie, but he survives and is later found not guilty by reason of insanity and committed to a psychiatric hospital in Augusta, Maine until he can answer for his actions. ; Rage (King novel): The final chapters contain an inter-office memo concerning Ted's treatment and prognosis at the hospital where he is now a patient, and a letter from one of Charlie's friends describing developments in the students' lives during the months following this incident. The story ends with Charlie addressing the reader: "That's the end. I have to turn off the light now. Good night." ; Rage (King novel): The plot of Rage vaguely resembles actual high school shootings and incidents of hostage-taking that have transpired since its publication. As a result, King became uncomfortable with the idea of having it remain in print, for fear that it might inspire further such occurrences ("[Rage is] now out of print, and a good thing").[1] The novel has been associated with several events:
Knowledge1:  The Kid received a PEN Center USA West Award. It was recognized with the award in 2000, in the category of Excellence in Creative Nonfiction. Writing in the journal Feminist Economics, June Lapidus called The Kid a "warm, funny, and insightful book". Author Andrew R. Gottlieb wrote in the book Sons Talk About Their Gay Fathers: Life Curves, "Fast and funny, incisive and insightful, Dan Savage's (1999) The Kid is an exploration of one gay man's experience and one gay couple's experience confronting the open adoption bureaucracy. With razor-sharp scrutiny, Savage spares no one, including himself." A review for The News Tribune by Linda Dahlstrom commented that the book was quite moving, "In fact, that's one of [sep] Knowledge2: Lee Child: Grant was born in Coventry.[5] His Northern Irish father, who was born in Belfast, was a civil servant who lived in the house where the singer Van Morrison was later born.[6][7] He is the second of four sons;[8] his younger brother, Andrew Grant, is also a thriller novelist. Grant's family relocated to Handsworth Wood in Birmingham when he was four years old so that the boys could receive a better education.[9] Grant attended Cherry Orchard Primary School in Handsworth Wood until the age of 11. He attended King Edward's School, Birmingham.[10]
Knowledge1: So Long at the Fair, 2002 ; Too Close to the Sun, 2002 ; Wait for the Dawn, 2004 ; Saddle the Wind, 2004 ; No Wings to Fly, 2006  It's Not an All Night Fair  Bukan Pasar Malam (English title: It's Not an All Night Fair) is an Indonesian novel that published in 1951 by Balai Pustaka. This novel was written by Pramoedya Ananta Toer, the author of "This Earth of Mankind." This novel has been published in six languages. [sep] Knowledge2: It's Not an All Night Fair: Bukan Pasar Malam (English title: It's Not an All Night Fair) is an Indonesian novel that published in 1951 by Balai Pustaka. This novel was written by Pramoedya Ananta Toer, the author of This Earth of Mankind. This novel has been published in six languages. ; It's Not an All Night Fair: This article about a 1950s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; It's Not an All Night Fair: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Pramoedya Ananta Toer: The quartet includes strong female characters of Indonesian and Chinese ethnicity and addresses the discrimination and indignities of living under colonial rule, and the struggle for personal and national political independence.  Like much of Pramoedya's work, it tells personal stories and focuses on individuals caught up in the tide of a nation's history. ; Orhan Pamuk: Asked what impact winning this last award (currently $127,000) had on his life and work, Pamuk replied:
Knowledge1: Heaven (Andrews novel)  Heaven is the first book in the Casteel series by author V. C. Andrews. It is also the first name of the main character. [sep] Knowledge2: Heaven (Andrews novel): Heaven is the first book in the Casteel series by author V. C. Andrews and was followed by Dark Angel, Fallen Hearts, Gates of Paradise, and Web of Dreams. It is also the first name of the main character. It was first published on November 1, 1985, and is one of Andrews' most popular works. ; Heaven (Andrews novel): While Heaven is waiting for her plane, she reads in the newspaper that Kitty has died. She thinks of how Cal drove her all the way to the airport and did not even mention this: he wants to start a new life and she is not part of his plans. Heaven is furious and hurt, thinking that after all Cal said about how much he loved her, he dumped her at the first opportunity, abandoning her just like Luke did. All she can do now is hope she finds peace and love with her mother's family. ; Heaven (Kawakami novel): Heaven (ヘヴン, Hevun) is a 2009 novel by Mieko Kawakami.[1] Its English translation, released in 2021 and published by Europa Editions, had Sam Bett and David Boyd as the translators. This is the second book by Kawakami to be translated into English.[2] ; Heaven (Kawakami novel): Ninomiya (二ノ宮), who serves as the lead bully, has the highest grades of all of the students in the class. Merve Emre describes Ninomiya as "handsome, popular".[4] Momose (百瀬), who serves as Ninimoya's assistant,[4] tells Kojima that bullies act due to the fact they are able to do so. Ha describes Momose's view as "nihilistic".[3] ; Heaven (Kawakami novel): The bullying increases in intensity as the plot continues.[8] After the speech, "Eyes" rejects Kojima's beliefs and decides to confront a tormenter.[1]
Knowledge1: Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1988; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1989, and was reprinted in July 2000.  Writing of this novel, Don D'Ammassa noted that "Green spends a lot more time on background detail than did some of Conan's chroniclers." Conan the Valiant  Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1988; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1989, and was reprinted in July 2000. [sep] Knowledge2: Conan the Valiant: Conan the Valiant is a fantasy novel by American writer Roland Green, featuring Robert E. Howard's  sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in trade paperback by Tor Books in October 1988; a regular paperback edition followed from the same publisher in August 1989, and was reprinted in July 2000.[1] ; Conan the Valiant: Conan the Valiant begins in Turan, where a 22-year-old Conan is recovering from his victory over the Cult of Doom (found in Robert Jordan's Conan the Unconquered).[2] Conan finds himself involved in court intrigue and joins forces with a sword maiden, Raihna, and her employer, a sorcerer named Illyana, in their efforts against the growing menace of an evil wizard named Eremius. Using one of the Jewels of Kurag — the other is held by Illyana — Eremius has command over his growing army of the Transformed, former humans who were mutated into reptilian demons, and is looking to conquer a large region of Turan. The combination of local villagers, Conan's sword, and Illyana's magic destroy Eremius as well as the twin Jewels. ; Conan the Valiant: Writing of this novel, Don D'Ammassa noted that "Green spends a lot more time on background detail than did some of Conan's chroniclers."[3] ; Conan (books): Reprints of the Lancer/Ace and Bantam editions (not including the film tie-in), as a single series. ;  Conan the Valiant : Conan the Valiant is a Conan novel by Roland J. Green.
Knowledge1: Darkvision is a fantasy novel by Bruce Cordell, set in the world of the Forgotten Realms, and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. It is the third novel in "The Wizards" series. It was published in paperback in September 2006.  Pat Ferrara of mania.com comments: "Another stand-alone novel of The Wizards series, Darkvision hits the scene under the experienced wing of Forgotten Realms guru Bruce R. Cordell."  Haunted by nightmares and driven by desire, Ususi ventured alone into the outside world her people abandoned centuries ago, and tracks down the relics that brought both prosperity and doom to her people. [sep] Knowledge2:  Darkvision (novel) : Exile of the Hidden City. Adept of forgotten mysteries. Sorceress of the Celestial Nadir. ;  Darkvision (novel) : Haunted by nightmares and driven by desire, Ususi defied the will of her people and ran away, venturing alone into the outside world her people abandoned centuries ago. ;  Darkvision (novel) : Now Ususi tracks down the relics that brought both prosperity and doom to her people. But when an old adversary finds her trail, she discovers the danger she thought past might only be beginning. ;  Darkvision (novel) : Something malevolent stirs in a desert, beginning its vengeance by explosively rejoining an ancient castle with the physical world. In response, three different storylines emerge. ;  Darkvision (novel) : The story next follows an agent of vengeance, Iahn Qoyllor, an Imaskari vengeance taker from Deep Imaskar, currently searching for Ususi Manaallin on the overworld. Cutting to Ususi, she wakes up from a nightmare where darkness swallows her; she reminisces how she and her twin sister, Qari Manaallin, were often tormented by the same nightmare. For whatever reason, the darkness from this nightmare always follows her outside her dreams, dousing all lights around her. Not dwelling on it too long, she returns to her appointed task: a year ago, she found a violet crystal from the Celestial Nadir for sale in Two Stars, and decided to search Imaskari ruins along the way to Vaelan for entrances to the Nadir.
Knowledge1: Regeneration (novel)  Regeneration is a historical and anti-war novel by Pat Barker, first published in 1991. The novel was a Booker Prize nominee and was described by the "New York Times Book Review" as one of the four best novels of the year in its year of publication. It is the first of three novels in the "Regeneration Trilogy" of novels on the First World War, the other two being "The Eye in the Door" and "The Ghost Road", which won the Booker Prize in 1995. The novel was adapted into a film by the same name in 1997 by Scottish film director Gillies MacKinnon and starring Jonathan Pryce as Rivers, James Wilby as Sassoon and Jonny Lee Miller as Prior.<ref name="Westman69-72" /> The film was successful in the UK and Canada, receiving nominations for a number of awards.<ref name="Westman69-72" />  The novel explores the experience of British army officers being treated for shell shock during World War I at Craiglockhart War Hospital in Edinburgh. Inspired by her grandfather's experience of World War I, Barker draws extensively on first person narratives from the period. Using these sources, she created characters based on historical individuals present at the hospital including poets and patients, Siegfried Sassoon and Wilfred Owen, and psychiatrist W. H. R. Rivers, who pioneered treatments of posttraumatic stress disorder during and after World War I. The title of the novel refers to Rivers' research into "nerve regeneration". Barker also includes fictional characters, based on the larger cultural experience of the period, including an officer who grew up in the lower classes, Billy Prior, and his girlfriend and munitionette, Sarah Lumb.  The novel is thematically complex, exploring the effect of the War on identity, masculinity, and social structure. Moreover, the novel draws extensively on period psychological practices, emphasising Rivers' research as well as Freudian psychology. Through the novel Barker enters a particular tradition of representing the experience of World War I in literature: many critics compare the novel to other , especially those written by women writers interested in the domestic repercussions of the war, including Rebecca West's "The Return of the Soldier" (1918) and Virginia Woolf's "Mrs. Dalloway" (1925). Barker both drew on those texts of the period that initially inspired her and makes references to a number of other literary and cultural works and events. These give an impression of historical realism, even though Barker tends to refute the claim that the novel is "historical fiction". [sep] Knowledge2: Pat Barker: The Independent wrote of her, "she is not only a fine chronicler of war but of human nature".[25]
Knowledge1:  The Latimers : A Tale of the Western Insurrection of 1794 is an historical novel by the American writer and Presbyterian clergyman Henry Christopher McCook (1837–1911) set in 1790s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The novel tells the story of Scotch-Irish American pioneers during the Whiskey Rebellion. The Latimers  The Latimers : A Tale of the Western Insurrection of 1794 is an historical novel by the American writer and Presbyterian clergyman Henry Christopher McCook (1837–1911) set in 1790s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  The novel tells the story of Scotch-Irish American pioneers during the Whiskey Rebellion. [sep] Knowledge2: File:The Latimers - front matter.png: This work is in the public domain in its country of origin and other countries and areas where the copyright term is the author's life plus 70 years or fewer.
Knowledge1:  Saint is a 2006 mystery novel written by Ted Dekker. It is the second in the series of the 'Project Showdown' Books which are also called 'The Paradise Novels'.  Saint is the second published novel in the Project Showdown series, which are also known as the Paradise Novels. Even though the books are their own series, Showdown, Saint, and Sinner are a part of what is referred to as the Books of History Chronicles. In the Circle Trilogy, a man named Thomas Hunter discovers an alternate universe containing Books of History, which make anything written in them come true as long as the writer has the faith of a child. 30 years later, Showdown takes place. Saint and then Sinner take place 15 years after that. Both House and Skin are directly tied into the Paradise Novels. Barsidious White (the antagonist in House) was created by Marsuvees Black (from [sep] Knowledge2: Saint (book): This article about a book on the Catholic Church is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Nevis Mountain Dew, the second play in the series, deals with the effects of the patriarch being crippled by paralysis in the Queens section of New York City in the 1950s. Like Whose Life Is It Anyway?, it deals with euthanasia. Both were among the ten productions selected by the Burns Mantle Yearbook as "The Best Plays of 1978–1979." [sep] Knowledge2: Nevis Mountain Dew: Nevis Mountain Dew is a 1978 play by American playwright steve carter . Set in the 1950s, it is the second of Carter's Caribbean trilogy. Nevis Mountain Dew explores the subject of euthanasia involving the patriarch of an affluent family who is confined to an iron lung. ; Nevis Mountain Dew: Set in the Queens borough of New York City in 1954, a Caribbean-American family gathers to celebrate the 50th birthday of Jared Philibert, who is confined to an iron lung due to paralysis. Ayton, Jared's best friend, arrives at the party with a bottle of rum called "Nevis Mountain Dew." When people drink it, the rum seems to act as a truth serum.[1] ; Nevis Mountain Dew: Nevis Mountain Dew is loosely based on the experience of a patient that the playwright encountered while working in a hospital. The play is dedicated to him. ; Nevis Mountain Dew: Nevis Mountain Dew was selected among ten New York City productions as one of "The Best Plays of 1978–1979."[3] ; Nevis Mountain Dew:  Both Nevis Mountain Dew and Brian Clark's Whose Life Is It Anyway? were selected as one of the ten best plays of the 1978–1979 season in New York City. Each play tackles the subject of euthanasia through the eyes of a man that has become paralyzed.  Otis L. Guernsey Jr., editor of The Best Plays of 1978–1979 theatre yearbook, which recognized the two productions that season, made the following observation:
Knowledge1: World of Wonder is an anthology of science fiction and fantasy stories edited by Fletcher Pratt, published in hardcover by Twayne in 1951. No subsequent editions were issued.  Worlds of Wonder is a collection of three science fiction works by Olaf Stapledon: a short novel, a novella and a short story. It was published in 1949 by Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc. in an edition of 500 copies. All of the stories had originally been published in the United Kingdom.  The book contains an extended treatment of the paedophilic abuse inflicted on the young Eisengrim by his abductor who repeatedly sodomizes him and uses him to obtain morphine, but in turn teaches him hand magic. World of Wonder (1951)   New York Times reviewer Villiers Gerson, despite describing the contents as "excellent stories," faulted the anthology because the diversity of the stories "obscures the sharp line between fantasy and its more popular sibling, science fiction," and because many of the stories had previously been anthologized. [sep] Knowledge2: World of wonder: World of wonder(s) may refer to: ; World of wonder: Worlds of Wonder may refer to: ; World of Wonder (anthology): New York Times reviewer Villiers Gerson, despite describing the contents as "excellent stories," faulted the anthology because the diversity of the stories "obscures the sharp line between fantasy and its more popular sibling, science fiction," and because many of the stories had previously been anthologized.[3]
Knowledge1: Dancing on Coral is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Glenda Adams.  Parts of this novel first appeared in Lies and Stories and The Hottest Night of the Century. Dancing on Coral  Dancing on Coral is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Glenda Adams. [sep] Knowledge2: Dancing on Coral: Dancing on Coral is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Glenda Adams.[1][2] ; Dancing on Coral: Lark Watter is desperate to leave behind her life in suburban Sydney in the 1960s. At university she meets an American, Tom Brown, and travels with him across the Pacific by freighter to a new life in the USA. ; Dancing on Coral: Marion Halligan, in The Canberra Times referred to the novel as a "fine farce" and noted that the author "seems rather more interested in the episodes than the essentials; or maybe she sees herself as hiding the essentials in order to make her readers work at discovery. But I found that the pleasures of this book were in the multiplicity and complexity of its episodes, pleasures which appeal to the intellect as games and puzzles do. Emotions aren't important, amusement is."[3] ; Dancing on Coral: Parts of this novel first appeared in Lies and Stories and The Hottest Night of the Century.[5] ; Dancing on Coral: This article about a 1980s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: New Keywords  New Keywords: A Revised Vocabulary of Culture and Society is a book edited by Tony Bennett, Lawrence Grossberg and Meaghan Morris and published in 2005 by Blackwell Publishing. It is an attempt to revise Raymond Williams' seminal 1976 text, "". [sep] Knowledge2: Template:Cite book: CiteSeerX identifier; found after the 'doi=' query parameter; Help:Your first article: Gather your sources, summarizing what they say in your own words, adding citations as you go. Clearly establish your subject's notability. Disclose any applicable conflict of interest. Adhere to a neutral point of view and write in an encyclopedic tone. ; Wikipedia:Citing Wikipedia: Citation in APA style, as recommended by the American Psychological Association:[3] ; Wikipedia:Citing Wikipedia: As another example, the proper in-text citation for a paraphrased passage is: ; Wikipedia:Citing Wikipedia: The date and time used should correspond exactly to the latest version listed in the article's Wikipedia history page that states the proposition for which you are citing it. Use of GMT conforms to the timestamp format used in those history entries (e.g., use 24-hour notation to avoid AM/PM).
Knowledge1: Getting Free  Getting Free is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton that was first published in 1978. It tells the story of a teenage couple who ran away when they discovered they were expectant parents and to escape from an abusive and disapproving father. [sep] Knowledge2: Getting Free: Getting Free is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton that was first published in 1978. It tells the story of a teenage couple who ran away when they discovered they were expectant parents and to escape from an abusive and disapproving father. ; Getting Free: Hinton had neighbours who were famous mountain climbers, a young couple who were into things that he was not. He decided that writing about the couple would be good for him.[1]
Knowledge1: Shooting Sean is the fourth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 8 May 2001 through Harper Collins. The novel was named by Hugh Macdonald as one of The Heralds "paperbacks of the week" in June 2001.  state that "in the hands of such a skilful writer this adds to the fun". She further states that she loves "Bateman's work for its strong construction, sharp satirical writing and inventive characterization" as well as his "attention to detail, and witty observation". RTÉ also reviewed the novel, with Tom Grealis stating that the novel was "a funny and highly entertaining tale of narcotics, terrorism and eh, moviemaking". He does mention that "one thing that has to be pointed out about Shooting Sean is that the plot becomes somewhat ridiculous in the latter stages", following this with "[Bateman's] decision to go for suspense over characterization certainly panders to the mainstream, but   is a pandering one cannot but enjoy". Grealis also concluded that he found the novel to be "engaging, funny and eminently readable". Writing for Scottish newspaper, the Southern Reporter, Fiona Scott stated that Bateman "has become an absolute favourite" and that "Shooting Sean is my favourite so far". She states that "Bateman's droll Irish wit is ideal for this storyline", calling the novel as a whole simply "hilarious". Reviewing for Sprout Lore, reviewer David V. Baker stated that Bateman "has a wicked sense of humour" and that he found the book to be "a gripping read which will leave you laughing and sad at the same time, a rare quality".  The novel was well received, with reviewers praising Bateman's droll humour and attention to detail. In a review for The Herald, Hugh Macdonald stated that, while written fiction is often humorous without ever being laugh-out-loud funny, "Bateman can and does make me laugh" and found the novel to contain "Sharp-edged humour with a touch of suspense". Sue Leonard, reviewing for Books Ireland, called Bateman "the master of the fast-paced improbable satire" and stated that Shooting Sean "is packed full of humour and specializes in one liners". Leonard went on to say that "as in other Bateman novels the plot is so much larger than life as to be totally unbelievable" however  Shooting Sean  Shooting Sean is the fourth novel of the "Dan Starkey" series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 8 May 2001 through HarperCollins. The novel was named by Hugh Macdonald as one of "The Heralds" "paperbacks of the week" in June 2001. [sep] Knowledge2: Shooting Sean: Shooting Sean is the fourth novel of the Dan Starkey series by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 8 May 2001 through HarperCollins.[1] The novel was named by Hugh Macdonald as one of The Heralds "paperbacks of the week" in June 2001.[2] ; Shooting Sean: With Dan Starkey, Bateman has created a character that is uncomfortably easy to identify with. Devoid of focus, direction or anything approaching ambition, Starkey is the ultimate slacker with attitude. And it is this very attitude that elevates Bateman above the current deluge of thriller/comedy writers. His ability to find humour in the most trying of circumstances is Bateman's trump card, and in Shooting Sean this ability is given carte blanche. ; Shooting Sean: The novel was well received, with reviewers praising Bateman's droll humour and attention to detail. ; Shooting Sean: In a review for The Herald, Hugh Macdonald stated that, while written fiction is often humorous without ever being laugh-out-loud funny, "Bateman can and does make me laugh" and found the novel to contain "Sharp-edged humour with a touch of suspense".[2] Sue Leonard, reviewing for Books Ireland, called Bateman "the master of the fast-paced improbable satire" and stated that Shooting Sean "is packed full of humour and specializes in one liners". Leonard went on to say that "as in other Bateman novels the plot is so much larger than life as to be totally unbelievable" however does state that "in the hands of such a skilful writer this adds to the fun". She further states that she loves "Bateman's work for its strong construction, sharp satirical writing and inventive characterization" as well as his "attention to detail, and witty observation".[4] ; Shooting Sean: RTÉ also reviewed the novel, with Tom Grealis stating that the novel was "a funny and highly entertaining tale of narcotics, terrorism and eh, moviemaking". He does mention that "one thing that has to be pointed out about Shooting Sean is that the plot becomes somewhat ridiculous in the latter stages", following this with "[Bateman's] decision to go for suspense over characterization certainly panders to the mainstream, but it is a pandering one cannot but enjoy". Grealis also concluded that he found the novel to be "engaging, funny and eminently readable".[3] Writing for Scottish newspaper, the Southern Reporter, Fiona Scott stated that Bateman "has become an absolute favourite" and that "Shooting Sean is my favourite so far". She states that "Bateman's droll Irish wit is ideal for this storyline", calling the novel as a whole simply "hilarious".[5] Reviewing for Sprout Lore, reviewer David V. Baker stated that Bateman "has a wicked sense of humour" and that he found the book to be "a gripping read which will leave you laughing and sad at the same time, a rare quality".[6]
Knowledge1: Looking Forward was published in 1969. Author Ken Keyes Jr., and Jacque Fresco coauthored the book. Looking Forward is a speculative look at the future. The authors picture an ideal 'cybernetic society in which want has been banished and work and personal possessions no longer exist; individual gratification is the total concern'.  Looking Forward is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Milton Lesser, published in hardcover in 1953 by Beechhurst Press and reprinted in the British market in 1955 by Cassell & Company. The anthology was particularly poorly received, and carried the unusually high cover price, for its day, of $5.00. Its contents include one of the few uncollected and otherwise unanthologized stories by Walter M. Miller, Jr..  In 1933 it was adapted into an American film Looking Forward directed by Clarence Brown and starring Lionel Barrymore and Lewis Stone. Looking Forward (anthology)  Looking Forward is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Milton Lesser, published in hardcover in 1953 by Beechhurst Press and reprinted in the British market in 1955 by Cassell & Company. The anthology was particularly poorly received, and carried the unusually high cover price, for its day, of $5.00. Its contents include one of the few uncollected and otherwise unanthologized stories by Walter M. Miller, Jr. [sep] Knowledge2: Looking Forward: Looking Forward is the eighth and final studio album by Crosby, Stills & Nash, and their third with Neil Young. It was released on Reprise Records in 1999 and peaked at number 26 on the Billboard 200, with total sales nearing 400,000.[4] ; Looking Forward: Crosby, Stills & Nash toured extensively through the 1990s, playing almost as many shows as they had in the previous decades combined.[5][6] Since their previous album, no new solo albums were forthcoming from Stephen Stills or Graham Nash, but David Crosby had discovered his adult son James Raymond, the two starting a band with Jeff Pevar yielding an album CPR in 1998. However, the band's relationship with Atlantic Records had soured, partly over a lack of push for After the Storm, but mostly over the perception that the label now had very little interest in the group when they had made the company millions during the 1970s heyday.[7] They terminated their contract with Atlantic in 1997, and began to record CSN tracks out of pocket without a record deal.[8][9] Working with Stills to compile the Buffalo Springfield retrospective box set, Neil Young became intrigued with these CSN sessions.[9] Playing on some tracks in process, Young brought in three recordings he had earmarked for one of his own albums, "Looking Forward", "Slowpoke", and "Out of Control".[10] The possibility of a new CSNY album attracted the attention of Young's label Reprise Records, which duly released the album once completed. ; Looking Forward: "Faith in Me" and "No Tears Left" were recorded in Ga Ga's Room in Los Angeles early on in the recording process. "Stand and Be Counted", "Seen Enough", "Dream for Him" and "Sanibel" were recorded at Conway Recording Studios in Hollywood. "Heartland" was recorded at Ocean Studios in Burbank, California. The remainder of the album was recorded at Neil Young's facility, Redwood Digital, in Woodside, California. ; Looking Forward (anthology): Looking Forward is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Milton Lesser, published in hardcover in 1953 by Beechhurst Press and reprinted in the British market in 1955 by Cassell & Company. The anthology was particularly poorly received, and carried the unusually high cover price, for its day, of $5.00. Its contents include one of the few uncollected and otherwise unanthologized stories by Walter M. Miller, Jr. ; Looking Forward (anthology): "We Kill People" carried the "Lewis Padgett" byline. "Win the World" was originally published as "The Subversives". "Highway" originally carried the byline "Wilfred Owen Morley". "Lion's Mouth" was originally published under the "Stephen Marlowe" byline. "The Last Monster" was originally published as "Terminal Quest."[1]
Knowledge1:  Before…12:01…and After is a collection of science fiction, fantasy, mystery and horror stories by author Richard A. Lupoff. It was released in 1996 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 2,100 copies of which 100 were signed by the author and the artist. Many of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Pagoda, Fantasy and Science Fiction, Heavy Metal, Fantastic, Whispers, Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine, Detective Story Magazine, Hardboiled and Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine. [sep] Knowledge2: James Holland (author): In August 2014, he was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to The Guardian expressing their hope that Scotland would vote to remain part of the United Kingdom in September's referendum on that issue.[33] ; James Holland (author): Holland lives in Wiltshire with his wife and two children.[36]
Knowledge1:  George Raymond Richard Martin (born George Raymond Martin; September 20, 1948), also known as GRRM, is an American novelist, screenwriter, television producer and short story writer. He is the author of the series of epic fantasy novels A Song of Ice and Fire, which were adapted into the Emmy Award-winning HBO series Game of Thrones (2011–2019). In 2005, Lev Grossman of Time called Martin "the American Tolkien", and in 2011, he was included on the annual Time 100 list of the most influential people in the world. [sep] Knowledge2: Martin Amis: The story is set in a castle owned by a cheese tycoon in Campania, Italy, where Keith Nearing, a 20-year-old English literature student; his girlfriend, Lily; and her friend, Scheherazade, are on holiday during the hot summer of 1970, the year that Amis says "something was changing in the world of men and women".[81][82] The narrator is Keith's superego, or conscience, in 2009. Keith's sister, Violet, is based on Amis's own sister, Sally, described by Amis as one of the revolution's most spectacular victims.[83]
Knowledge1:  Maerth wrote the book in a Chinese monastery. It was first published in West Germany as Der Anfang war das Ende – Der Mensch entstand durch Kannibalismus (Econ Verlag GmbH, Düsseldorf und Wien, 1971), then translated by Judith Hayward and published in Great Britain by Michael Joseph, Ltd, 1973 and re-issued by Sphere Books, Ltd, London in 1974, ISBN: 0-7221-5712-6. It has been translated into eight languages. [sep] Knowledge2: The End of the Soul: Essentially, The End of the Soul is a study of science and atheism in France in late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries. It illustrates how anthropology grew in the context of an impassioned struggle between the forces of tradition, especially the Catholic faith, and those of a more freethinking modernism, and posits that it became for many a secular religion. Among the figures discussed are novelist Émile Zola, statesman Leon Gambetta, American birth control advocate Margaret Sanger, and Arthur Conan Doyle.[4] ; The End of the Soul: The End of the Soul received the Ralph Waldo Emerson Award for 2004 from the Phi Beta Kappa Society as a book that "is an important contribution to knowledge, serious scholarship with a broad pertinence to the human condition."[5] ; Soul (novel): The narrative starts with Nazar Chagataev’s graduation from the Moscow Institute of Economics. In the courtyard, he meets a woman named Vera and goes home with her that night. At her home, he sees an interesting diptych on her wall[4] and learns that Vera is pregnant, but the father of the child is dead. He immediately fosters a strange connection to Vera and to her young daughter, Ksenya. After frequent visits, he decides marry Vera, but then leaves after the summer to go to his posting to “bring socialism” to his people and assist the Dzhan nation into a better life. ; Soul (novel): He sets off on a long journey by train across the steppe, by boat down the Amu-Darya, and finally reaches the Dzhan nation living in a delta called Sary-Kamysh. He meets Sufyan, Molla Cherkezov, Aidym and Gyulchatay, but his mother, Gyulchatay, does not seem to remember him. He sees that they are a sad, destitute nation living in a miserable state with very few possessions and little strength to live. ; Soul (novel): He returns briefly to Chimgay for supplies, and there he receives a letter from Ksenya stating that Vera and the baby have died. Although the news gives him sorrow, he decides that he must carry on his mission with the Dzhan. He returns to them and has a discussion with Nur-Mohammed who has been sent by the district executive committee to keep track of and assist the Dzhan. Although Nur-Mohammed has no hope in the nation, Chagataev decides they must migrate to a better location, hoping that this move with result in better living conditions for the group.
Knowledge1:  of the founding fathers and an early president. Elsa also served a term as president. In 1978 he was the first living author to be inducted into the Hall of Fame of Great Westerners in the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City. He was well known as the "Sage of Sapello" and the "Poet Lariat of New Mexico". Barker used to submit stories and poems to a bi-weekly Western pulp magazine called Ranch Romances. Sometime in the 1930s, he was asked by the editor to rewrite a story submitted by an old Texas cowhand named Jack Potter about his life of driving cattle. This started a collaboration between the two that lasted for years. Potter had [sep] Knowledge2: Zane Grey: As a child, Grey frequently engaged in violent brawls, probably related to his father's punishing him with severe beatings. Though irascible and antisocial like his father, Grey was supported by a loving mother and found a father substitute. Muddy Miser was an old man who approved of Grey's love of fishing and writing, and who talked about the advantages of an unconventional life. Despite warnings by Grey's father to steer clear of Miser, the boy spent much time during five formative years in the company of the old man.[7]
Knowledge1: The Warriors of Spider is a science fiction novel by American writer W. Michael Gear. The first book in the Spider Trilogy, it was first published in 1988. The story is set roughly 600 years in the future, sometime between 2600 and 2700. This book contains much of the same themes as the Forbidden Borders trilogy of worshiping God though experience. Gear, Michael W. (1988). The Warriors of Spider.  DAW Books.  ISBN: 978-0886772871.  The Warriors of Spider  The Warriors of Spider is a science fiction novel by American writer W. Michael Gear. The first book in the Spider Trilogy, it was first published in 1988. The story is set roughly 600 years in the future, sometime between 2600 and 2700.  This book contains much of the same themes as the Forbidden Borders trilogy of worshiping God though experience. [sep] Knowledge2: The Warriors of Spider: The Warriors of Spider is a science fiction novel by American writer W. Michael Gear. The first book in the Spider Trilogy, it was first published in 1988. The story is set roughly 600 years in the future, sometime between 2600 and 2700. ; The Warriors of Spider: This book contains much of the same themes as the Forbidden Borders trilogy of worshiping God though experience. ; The Warriors of Spider: The human race consists of billions of people spread throughout a relatively small area of space containing Earth and several other inhabited planets. The majority of the population lives on giant space stations, either in orbit or moving like giant ships. A change occurred over the generations that was caused by zero-gravity conditions and exposure to different radiations. Most are pale-skinned, thin and frail-boned; some would die if they experienced gravity. The human race is ruled over by the Directorate, a group of three genetically modified humans, through whom all information must pass before it is released; this has given the Directorate complete control over information for the last 600 years. They stopped all war and religion and caused humanity to be composed of mostly obedient cowards. ; The Warriors of Spider: Before this 600-year period, the Soviets ruled humanity after conquering North America. The Native American tribes, angered that the position of reservations had not changed, fought back against the Soviets and succeeded, to the point that they were all loaded onto a giant prison ship and deported to deep space along with other rebels of Latino and Caucasian descent—a population of over 5,000 consisting entirely of people with the will and heritage to survive. The ship crashes onto a planet that they name World. 600 years later the survivors have mixed into many different clans that comprise two distinctly different and opposing peoples, the Spiders and the Santos. Their culture is mainly Native American with the addition of large bore rifles, hand-forged from metal of the wrecked prison ship and used to deal with beings they call "bears," natural predators existing on World. The World bear is similar to a dragon-squid combination, having two spines that connect at the base and a tentacle on each side with suction cups on it that it shoots toward its prey. ; The Warriors of Spider: The Directorate accidentally picks up a bit of radio chatter from World, as the warriors use hand radios. They send out the Patrol, a combination military/police force that, under the guidance of the Directorate, has had no violence or wars to quell in over 200 years. They arrive at World expecting to find civilized people barely surviving, as with most other lost stations or colonies. On the contrary, the native warriors are savage fighters following the Native American tradition of "coup" taking, or scalping killed enemies as a method of showing how many they had killed.
Knowledge1:  Homecoming, set around the late 1970s, tells the story of four siblings aged between six and thirteen, whose mother abandons them one summer afternoon in their car next to a Connecticut shopping mall during an aborted road trip to a family member in Bridgeport. Realizing that their mother is not coming back, and that they cannot go home (as their father walked out before the youngest child was born), the children travel together, mostly on foot, trying to reach Bridgeport. There, they hope to find their missing mother at the home of a relative they have never met. The children [sep] Knowledge2: Homecoming (novel): The second journey, like the first, is hard and fraught with danger. Attempting to earn money by picking tomatoes, the children find themselves nearly captured by their employer who has apparently taken an interest in Maybeth. In an attempt to escape, the children are helped by a traveling circus who drive the children to Crisfield.
Knowledge1:  The Amazon (Вои′тельница; translated also as The Warrior Woman) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov, first published in the April (vol.1; No.7) 1866 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski, with a dedication to the painter Mikhaylo Mikeshin whom the author was friends at the time. It was included into the collection Novelets, Sketches and Stories by M.Stebnitsky (vol. 1, 1967) and later into the Works by N.S. Leskov (1889), in a slightly revised version. The epigraph, "The whole of my life has been a set of lessons, of which my death is but another one," comes from the lyrical drama Lucius (Люций) by Apollon Maykov (Seneka's words in part 1 of it). [sep] Knowledge2: The Amazon (novella): The Amazon (Russian: Вои′тельница, romanized: Voitelnitsa; translated also as The Warrior Woman) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov, first published in the April (vol.1; No.7) 1866 issue of Otechestvennye Zapiski, with a dedication to the artist Mikhail Mikeshin (with whom the author was friends at the time). It was included into the collection Novelets, Sketches and Stories by M.Stebnitsky (vol. 1, 1967) and later into the Works by N.S. Leskov (1889), in a slightly revised version. The epigraph, "The whole of my life has been a set of lessons, of which my death is but another one," comes from the lyrical drama Lucius (Люций) by Apollon Maykov (Seneka's words in part 1 of it).[1] ; The Amazon (novella): Domna Platonovna, a forceful and industrious woman who seems to be in contact with half of Saint Petersburg, is in a state of permanent war with the outside world. Supplying people with laces (the major item of her trade) but also with all kinds of services (like setting marriages, not to speak of less formal liaisons), she greatly resents people's ingratitude, as she sees it. To illustrate how badly people treat her, she tells the narrator the story of Lekanida Petrovna, a beautiful and sensitive woman who, having left her provincial husband, came to the capital hoping to find her happiness here, only to be forced into prostitution, by Domna Platonovna herself.[2] ; The Amazon (novella): The narrator is baffled: this 'warrior woman' is by no means vile, she's just misguided, lacking basic ideas about what's right and wrong. Curious as to what circumstances might have turned a human being (she once apparently must have been) into such a pathetic 'fat-hearted' creature, he tries to draw from her some kind of confession, but the stories she tells him about her past are comically bizarre and explain little. Some things are for certain, though: the meaning of the word "love" is totally foreign to her. And her only moral defect, as far as she is concerned, is exceptionally sound sleep. She claims there's just one sin she'd ever committed, that of having inadvertently swapped husbands with her godmother, and blames for it her sleeping habits again. ; The Amazon (novella): Five years later the narrator, visiting a hospital, meets Domna Platonovna, who is now a nurse. She is out of her 'business', looks shabby and is on the brink of madness. It turns out that she'd fallen in love with a 21-year-old man (currently in jail for some petty crime) and gave him all of her property. She spends the next month praying, asking God to relieve her from this horrible disease, 'love'; then dies, from what seems to be "life force extinction." Before her death she gives the narrator the last two things she's been left with, her pillow and a can of jam, to be sent to her jailed sweetheart.[2]
Knowledge1: O dia das calças roladas is a Capeverdean novel published in 1982 by Germano Almeida. The book was first published on Ilhéu Editora. The story is about an account of a strike that happened on the island of Santo Antão. [sep] Knowledge2: O dia das calças roladas: O dia das calças roladas is a Capeverdean novel published in 1982 by Germano Almeida.
Knowledge1:  The Refuge Collection project uses video content created by contributor Brian Craddock, as well as promotional audio and video by Nexus Concept Studios. Dillon and contributors Kaaron Warren and Lee Murray were interviewed for the online radio show Chatting With Sherri, which aired on 6 April 2016. Audio adaptations of some of the stories have been released. [sep] Knowledge2: Hank Wesselman: And more...
Knowledge1: Out of This World (1993) is the first fantasy novel in The Worlds of Shadow trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans. Out of This World (Swift novel)  Out of this World is the fourth novel by English author Graham Swift published in 1988 by Viking in the UK and by Poseidon Press in the US. Out of This World (Watt-Evans novel)  Out of This World (1993) is the first fantasy novel in The Worlds of Shadow trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans. [sep] Knowledge2: Out of This World (Watt-Evans novel): Out of This World (1993) is the first fantasy novel in The Worlds of Shadow trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans.[1] ; Out of This World (Watt-Evans novel): The premise of the novel is that parallel universes do exist. Some have intelligent non-human life, while others are populated by English-speaking humans. Prior to the events of the novel, one such reality is overrun by a malevolent force known as Shadow. The World of Shadow is a typical high fantasy realm where magic exists and men fight with sword and sorcery. Although pockets of resistance against Shadow exist, their reality has all but been conquered by evil. Another reality, the Galactic Empire, soon finds that they are being invaded by minions who serve Shadow, and declare war. The Galactic Empire is depicted as a science fiction realm of yester-year, akin to Flash Gordon or Buck Rogers. Many planets are colonized by the technologically advanced Empire, and telepaths serve in their military forces. Once the conflict with Shadow began, the Empire uses their telepaths to establish contact with the World of Shadow. The World of Shadow, in turn, use magic to stay in contact with the Galactic Empire. Although both realities share a common enemy, little progress is made in the way of a true alliance due to vast cultural differences. The Empire view the people of Shadow as brute barbarians who could be of no use in a real war, while the people of Shadow consider the Empire and their fascist ways as "possibly the lesser of two evils". ; Out of This World (Watt-Evans novel): Eight years pass by since initial contact and both sides have all but given up on receiving any true help from the other. Eventually the telepaths of the Empire discover that they have made contact with a third, as-yet-unknown reality, modern-day Earth. Independently, both worlds send diplomatic envoys to Montgomery County, Maryland, where they are either thought to be madmen or filming some sort of movie. However, a few people do eventually realize that these visitors are telling the truth and are convinced to travel to the World of Shadow, if just to verify their own sanity. Not long after they arrive, Shadow attacks, and the group must flee through a portal to the Galactic Empire to survive. Stranded in another reality with little chance for rescue, this band of strangers from three different realities must put their differences aside and work together if they hope to survive. ; Out of This World (Johnny Mercer song): It was introduced in the film Out of This World[1] (1945) by Bing Crosby dubbing in for the voice of the main character played by Eddie Bracken.
Knowledge1: Stand By Your Screen was a 1968 play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke. [sep] Knowledge2: Stand by Your Screen:  Stand By Your Screen was a 1968 play written by Roy Minton and directed by Alan Clarke.[1][2] ; Stand by Your Screen: This England-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Stand by Your Screen: This article relating to a television programme from the UK is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Stand: At a Department of Defense installation in the Mojave Desert, an extremely deadly and contagious strain of influenza is developed as a biological weapon. The book's extended edition shows that after it is accidentally released at the base, one of the guards manages to escape with his family before the facility can go on lockdown. Every member of the family dies from the virus and their car crashes in Arnette, Texas, where the illness spreads to the locals. Unable to contain the spread of the virus across the country, the U.S. government has its agents unwittingly release it in the Soviet Union and China, causing a fatal pandemic that only 0.6% of the population is immune to.  ; The Stand: In the chaos following the collapse of civilization, survivors begin having dreams of both kindly centenarian Abagail Freemantle and the terrifying, demonic Randall Flagg, beckoning those that dream of them to come to her home in Nebraska and to Las Vegas, respectively. Stu Redman, a resident of Arnette who had been forcefully taken to a CDC facility in Vermont to be studied, proves to be the only one there immune to the virus. He escapes when the virus gets loose in the facility, meeting and befriending retired sociology professor Glen Bateman and his adopted Irish Setter Kojak, the former of whom is interested to see if humanity can rebuild itself.
Knowledge1: Sandy is the third book written by Alice Hegan Rice, and was the second best-selling novel in the United States in 1905. It was originally published in serial form in The Century Magazine from December 1904 through May 1905, and first appeared in novel form in April 1905. The novel is based on the boyhood stories of S. S. McClure, publisher of McClure's magazine, and his upbringing in Ireland and early struggles in the United States. [sep] Knowledge2: Sandy (novel): Sandy is the third book written by Alice Hegan Rice, and was the second best-selling novel in the United States in 1905.[1] It was originally published in serial form in The Century Magazine from December 1904 through May 1905, and first appeared in novel form in April 1905.[2][3][4] ; Sandy (novel): The novel is based on the boyhood stories of S. S. McClure, publisher of McClure's magazine, and his upbringing in Ireland and early struggles in the United States.[5] ; Sandy (novel): A contemporary synopsis of the novel's plot describes it as follows: ; Sandy (novel): This is the story of a young Irish boy named Sandy Kilday, who at the age of sixteen, being without home or relatives, decides to try his luck in the new country across the ocean.  Accordingly, he slips aboard one of the big ocean liners as a stowaway, but is discovered before the voyage is half over and in spite of his entreaties is told he must be returned by the next steamer.  Sandy, however, who has a winning way and sunny smile, arouses the interest of the ship's doctor, who pays his passage and gives him some money with which to start his new life.  On the voyage Sandy has made friends with a lad in steerage named Ricks Wilson, who earns his living by peddling, and he decides to join him in this career.  Sandy has also been deeply impressed by the face of a lovely young girl who is one of the cabin passengers and when he discovers that she is Miss Ruth Nelson of Kentucky he decides to make that state his destination.  He and Ricks remain companions for sometime although Sandy's strong sense of honor causes disagreements as to the methods of their dealings.  Sandy finally becomes disgusted with this life and after catching a glimpse of Ruth at a circus, where he is dispensing his wares in a humorous manner, he decides to abandon it altogether. ; Sandy (novel): He parts from Ricks and falling ill by the roadside is picked up by a colored woman named Aunt Melvy, who is in the employ of Judge Hollis.  The latter takes Sandy to his home and his wife nurses him through a long fever and then, as they are childless, they adopt him into their household.  The Judge gives Sandy a good education, sends him to college and he becomes a successful lawyer.  All this time his love for Ruth has been unswerving though she has not responded to his advances.  Judge Hollis is shot by an unknown assailant and Sandy, who discovers the assailant to be Ruth's dissipated brother Carter, refuses to give evidence against him.  Sandy is kept in jail until freed by Ruth's intervention, Carter having confessed his crime to his sister before his death.  The Judge recovers from his wound and Sandy and Ruth are happily married to the satisfaction of all concerned.[6]
Knowledge1: Interiors is a 1978 American drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. It stars Kristin Griffith, Mary Beth Hurt, Richard Jordan, Diane Keaton, E. G. Marshall, Geraldine Page, Maureen Stapleton, and Sam Waterston. Allen's first fully-fledged film in the drama genre, it was met with acclaim from critics. It received five Academy Award nominations, including Best Director, Best Original Screenplay (both for Allen), Best Actress (Page), and Best Supporting Actress (Stapleton). Page also won the BAFTA Film Award for Best Supporting Actress. [sep] Knowledge2: The Interior (novel): The Interior is the second novel in Lisa See's Red Princess series. The first is Flower Net and the third is Dragon Bones. In The Interior Chinese MPS inspector Liu Hulan and David Stark, an American attorney who loves her and is the father of her unborn child, try to find out whether Miaoshan, the daughter of Hulan's old friend Suchee, hanged herself or was murdered. ; The Interior (novel): Flower Net ends on March 14, 1997.[1]  The setting of The Interior is summer 1997—China "post- Deng Xiaoping", a period characterized by "an unholy alliance between post-Deng Communism ('market socialism') and American capitalism",[2] the China of Jiang Zemin.  In the novel the narrator speaks about the times in more personal terms:  "As the saying went, the blade of grass points where the wind blows.  The only problem was that the wind was blowing in so many directions these days no one could completely protect himself".[3] ; The Interior (novel): The plot centers on the conniving of American and Chinese businessmen to exploit poorly paid Chinese workers, especially women, for profit and power. See describes in great detail the dangers women face because they work in an American toy factory, located in a remote part of the interior of China, that lacks adequate safety protections[4] and is a virtual fire trap.[5] Miaoshan was working at the toy factory before her death.  Elisabeth Sherwin quotes Lisa See speaking about the role of Chinese working women from a somewhat different perspective:  "'The women making $24 a month in those factories are changing the face of China . . . They are making enough money to open up small stores in their home villages. These women are working at a free market economy and are providing an economic value they never had before.'"[6] ; The Interior (novel): At the end of The Interior Hulan and David solve several murders related to the toy factory.  The novel begins with Hulan's friend Suchee and the murder of Miaoshan, her daughter. It concludes with the solution to the mystery of Miaoshan's death (which had nothing to do with the toy factory) and with her mother Suchee working in the fields, unable to forget her.[7] ; The Interior (novel): See, Lisa. The Interior.  New York: HarperCollins, 1999.
Knowledge1:  Memory is a science fiction novel by American writer Lois McMaster Bujold, first published in October 1996. It is a part of the Vorkosigan Saga, and is the eleventh full-length novel in publication order. [sep] Knowledge2: Memory (Stephen King): "Memory" was originally published in volume 7, number 4 of Tin House in summer 2006. It was republished as an annex to the 2007 work Blaze, which King published under the pseudonym Richard Bachman. King went on to adapt "Memory" into a novel, Duma Key, which was published in 2008.[2][3] ; Memory (Bujold novel): In force and intensity as well as this elegiac undertone, Memory is indeed a quantum jump ahead of The Warrior's Apprentice, although in Miles' double trajectory it fills the same position of excursion from "childhood" and foundation of a new personality. But where Mark subsumes and reconciles himself to his dark internal Others, Miles' integration is achieved by an excision - or, as Bujold put it, a "repossession" ("Letterspace", Letter 8[2] ), with all the word's overtones, theological as well as financial - and a metamorphosis at very high cost. Nor is the cost limited to the characters. Reading Memory, I myself felt very much like Wordsworth seems to have when he wrote "Ode on the Intimations of Immortality": what we had here was remarkable, spectacular, far more powerful than Apprentice and its ilk, but it was also darker, less sparkling, without that adolescent, outrageous joie d'esprit.[3]
Knowledge1:  Stations of the Tide is a science fiction novel by American author Michael Swanwick. Prior to being published in book form in 1991, it was serialized in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine in two parts, starting in mid-December 1990. It won the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1991, was nominated for both the Hugo and Campbell Awards in 1992, and was nominated for the Arthur C. Clarke Award in 1993. [sep] Knowledge2: Days Between Stations (novel): Reviewing the book, Michael Ventura of the Austin Chronicle wrote: "Erickson is brilliant. Period."[8]
Knowledge1: The Coquette  The Coquette or, The History of Eliza Wharton is an epistolary novel by Hannah Webster Foster. It was published anonymously in 1797, and did not appear under the author's real name until 1856, 16 years after Foster's death. It was one of the best-selling novels of its time and was reprinted eight times between 1824 and 1828. A fictionalized account of the much-publicized death of a socially elite Connecticut woman after giving birth to a stillborn, illegitimate child at a roadside tavern, Foster's novel highlights the social conditions that lead to the downfall of an otherwise well-educated and socially adept woman. [sep] Knowledge2: School for Coquettes (play): School for Coquettes (French:L'école des cocottes) is 1918 French comedy play by Paul Armont and Marcel Gerbidon. A young working class woman attends a school to turn her into a coquette in the hope it will allow her to rise up the social scale. It was first performed at the Grand Guignol Theatre in Paris. ; School for Coquettes (play): A 1928 British play Excelsior was based on the play, written by H. M. Harwood and starring Gladys Cooper. ; School for Coquettes (play): The film has been turned into films twice. A 1935 film School for Coquettes directed by Pierre Colombier and a 1958 film School for Coquettes directed by Jacqueline Audry. It was also made into a 1985 television play. ; School for Coquettes (play): This article on a play from the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Catherine Gore: She married Lieutenant Charles Arthur Gore of the 1st Regiment of Life Guards on 15 February 1823 at St George's, Hanover Square; Gore retired later that year. They had ten children, eight of whom died young. Their one surviving son became Captain Augustus Frederick Wentworth Gore, and one of their daughters, Cecilia Anne Mary, married Lord Edward Thynne in 1853.[1]
Knowledge1:  Trust Me is a collection of short stories by John Updike, first published in 1987. Trust Me (short story collection)  Trust Me is a collection of short stories by John Updike, first published in 1987.<ref> </ref> [sep] Knowledge2: Trust Me (novel): The title of Trust Me comes from an old joke that is quoted in the novel:[5] ; Trust Me (novel): 'You didn't let me open your hand in the beginning, and even when you did, you opened it very slowly – that shows that you don't trust easily,' he said. 'You're too closed as a person. Open up, you'll enjoy life more.'; Trust Me (novel): I took my hand back from him and lit a cigarette.; Trust Me (novel): 'Do you know what "trust me" means in Polish?' I asked.; Trust Me (novel): He shook his head.
Knowledge1: Recursion  Recursion (adjective: "recursive") occurs when a thing is defined in terms of itself or of its type. Recursion is used in a variety of disciplines ranging from linguistics to logic. The most common application of recursion is in mathematics and computer science, where a function being defined is applied within its own definition. While this apparently defines an infinite number of instances (function values), it is often done in such a way that no infinite loop or infinite chain of references ("crock recursion") can occur. [sep] Knowledge2: Recursion: Applying the standard technique of proof by cases to recursively defined sets or functions, as in the preceding sections, yields structural induction — a powerful generalization of mathematical induction widely used to derive proofs in mathematical logic and computer science.
Knowledge1: The Bishop's Heir is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1984. It was the seventh of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published, and the first book in her third Deryni trilogy, The Histories of King Kelson. Although The Legends of Camber of Culdi trilogy was published immediately prior to the Histories trilogy, The Bishop's Heir is a direct sequel to Kurtz' first Deryni series, The Chronicles of the Deryni.  In 1985, The Bishop's Heir was ranked 26th in an annual poll of fantasy novels by Locus magazine readers, placing it between T. E. D. Klein's The Ceremonies and Lloyd Alexander's The Beggar Queen. The poll was won by Robert A. Heinlein for his novel, Job: A Comedy of Justice.  Dave Langford reviewed The Bishop's Heir for White Dwarf #65, and stated that "Overall: a straight historical novel in plastic fantasy disguise. Brutally inconclusive ending, two sequels to follow. . . Interesting but patchy." 1984, USA, Ballantine Books ISBN: 0-345-31824-2, Hardcover (first edition) ; 1984, UK, Arrow Books ISBN: 0-7126-0807-9, Pub date 22 November 1984, Hardcover ; 1984, UK, Trafalgar Square Books ISBN: 0-7126-0935-0, Pub date 22 November 1984, Paperback ; 1985, USA, Del Rey Books ISBN: 0-345-30097-1, Pub date 12 July 1985, Paperback ; 1986, UK, Legend Books ISBN: 0-09-947800-5, Paperback ; 1987, USA, Ballantine Books. ISBN: 9780345347619   The Bishop's Heir details the events of a period of time lasting roughly a month and a half, beginning in late November 1123 and ending in early January 1124. The novel begins as the Curia of Bishops meets in Culdi to choose the successor to the deceased Bishop of Meara. The selection of the next bishop is a delicate matter, as the Mearans have made several attempts to secede from Gwynedd over the past century. King Kelson Haldane addresses the assembled clerics, then departs to make a survey of the local barons. Shortly thereafter, Kelson is reunited with Lord Dhugal MacArdry, an old friend who he has not seen since before his coronation, and the king  The Bishop's Heir  The Bishop's Heir is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1984. It was the seventh of Kurtz's Deryni novels to be published, and the first book in her third Deryni trilogy, "The Histories of King Kelson". Although "The Legends of Camber of Culdi" trilogy was published immediately prior to the "Histories" trilogy, "The Bishop's Heir" is a direct sequel to Kurtz's first Deryni series, "The Chronicles of the Deryni". [sep] Knowledge2: The Bishop's Heir: Can you list the top facts and stats about The Bishop's Heir?; The Bishop's Heir: Summarize this article for a 10 year old; The Bishop's Heir: The Bishop's Heir is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Del Rey Books in 1984. It was the seventh of Kurtz's Deryni novels to be published, and the first book in her third Deryni trilogy, The Histories of King Kelson. Although The Legends of Camber of Culdi trilogy was published immediately prior to the Histories trilogy, The Bishop's Heir is a direct sequel to Kurtz's first Deryni series, The Chronicles of the Deryni.; The Bishop's Heir: Oops something went wrong: ; High Deryni: Morgan and Duncan arrive at Dhassa and surrender to the bishops, who are led by Thomas Cardiel and Denis Arilan.  After hearing their explanations for their previous actions, the two bishops agree to forgive them.  On the border, Earl Sean Lord Derry, Morgan's aide, is captured by Bran Coris.  Coris has decided to betray Kelson and immediately turns Derry over to Wencit, who begins to torture Derry both physically and mentally.  Morgan senses Derry's pain when he attempts to contact him, but his use of his powers is detected by Bishop Arilan, who reveals that he is also Deryni.
Knowledge1:  Talent is a comic book series written by Christopher Golden and Tom Sniegoski, drawn by Paul Azaceta, published by Boom! Studios. [sep] Knowledge2: Writer: Player: It's what the actors do best. They have to exploit whatever talent is given to them, and their talent is dying. They can die heroically, comically, ironically, slowly, suddenly, disgustingly, charmingly or from a great height.Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead (Act Two)[14]
Knowledge1: Joseph Connolly: This Is It (Faber and Faber: London, 2006) (ISBN: 0571232620). [sep] Knowledge2: Writer: Player: It's what the actors do best. They have to exploit whatever talent is given to them, and their talent is dying. They can die heroically, comically, ironically, slowly, suddenly, disgustingly, charmingly or from a great height.Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead (Act Two)[14]
Knowledge1:  A Survey is a book of fifty-two caricatures and humorous illustrations by British essayist, caricaturist and parodist Max Beerbohm. It was published in Britain in 1921 by William Heinemann and in the United States in the same year by Doubleday, Page & Company of New York City. Beerbohm created the illustrations for A Survey at his home in Rapallo in Italy and in Britain, where he and his wife Florence Kahn returned for the duration of World War I. The book was a satire on that War, and was published in plum cloth covered boards with fifty-two tipped-in pictures, comprising fifty-one monochrome [sep] Knowledge2: A Survey: A Survey is a book of fifty-two caricatures and humorous illustrations by British essayist, caricaturist and parodist Max Beerbohm. It was published in Britain in 1921 by William Heinemann and in the United States in the same year by Doubleday, Page & Company of New York City. ; A Survey: Beerbohm created the illustrations for A Survey at his home in Rapallo in Italy and in Britain, where he and his wife Florence Kahn returned for the duration of World War I. The book was a satire on that War,[1] and was published in plum cloth covered boards with fifty-two tipped-in pictures, comprising fifty-one monochrome illustrations and one colour frontispiece. Each plate was accompanied by a guard sheet with a descriptive letterpress. ; A Survey: The caricatures included Joseph Conrad, the book included caricatures of David Lloyd George, Lytton Strachey, Philip Guedalla,  Woodrow Wilson, Edward Gordon Craig, Edward Carson, Maurice Hewlett, Philip Sassoon, Claude Phillips, Edmund Gosse, Paderewski, Gabriele d'Annunzio, James McNeill Whistler, Stephen Gwynn, Alfonso XIII of Spain, Sir Oliver Lodge, Sir E. Ray Lankester, Lord Charles Spencer, Ralph Nevill, George Bernard Shaw, Georg Brandes, Henry James, George Robey, H. H. Asquith, Leon Trotsky, Bonar Law among other eminent men of the day and a variety of contemporary politicians.[2] ; A Survey: Maurice Hewlett ; A Survey: Alfonso XIII of Spain
Knowledge1: Mmm ... Skyscraper I Love You: a Typographic Journal of New York. London: Booth-Clibborn, 2002. ISBN: 978-1873968581. ; In the Belly of Saint Paul. Underworld Print, 2003. ISBN: 978-0954613105.   Skyscraper is the first full-length play by David Auburn. It premiered Off-Broadway in 1997. It is a serious comedy about the deterioration of ingenuity and art. [sep] Knowledge2: Skyscraper (song): * Sales figures based on certification alone.‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone. ; Skyscraper: 3 September is the global commemorative day for skyscrapers, called "Skyscraper Day".[62] ; Skyscraper: Other vertical and horizontal loading factors come from varied, unpredictable sources, such as earthquakes. ; Skyscraper: Buildings with sky lobbies include the World Trade Center, Petronas Twin Towers, Willis Tower and Taipei 101. The 44th-floor sky lobby of the John Hancock Center also featured the first high-rise indoor swimming pool, which remains the highest in the United States.[80] ; Skyscraper: The following list measures height of the roof, not the pinnacle.[108][failed verification] The more common gauge is the "highest architectural detail"; such ranking would have included Petronas Towers, built in 1996.
Knowledge1: Shadow Over Nordmaar (1982) under the pen name Dezra Despain ; The Immortals (1996) ; Starcraft: Speed of Darkness (2002) ; Fireborn: Embers of Atlantis (2011) ; Wayne of Gotham (June 2012) ; Swept up by the Sea 2 (2013) ; Lincoln's Wizard (2015) with Dan Willis [sep] Knowledge2: Shadow (Brown book): Brown won the annual  Caldecott Medal for illustration of an American children's picture book in 1983, her third.[2] The book was also a finalist for the National Book Award for Young People's Literature in the hardcover picture book category.[3]
Knowledge1:  "Who Am I This Time?" is a short story written by Kurt Vonnegut, published in the Saturday Evening Post in 1961. The story was collected in Vonnegut's famous anthology Welcome to the Monkey House. It was originally titled "My Name is Everyone". [sep] Knowledge2: Writer: Every novel worthy of the name is like another planet, whether large or small, which has its own laws just as it has its own flora and fauna. Thus, Faulkner's technique is certainly the best one with which to paint Faulkner's world, and Kafka's nightmare has produced its own myths that make it communicable. Benjamin Constant, Stendhal, Eugène Fromentin, Jacques Rivière, Radiguet, all used different techniques, took different liberties, and set themselves different tasks.François Mauriac, novelist[9]
Knowledge1: Johnny, My Friend (Swedish: Janne, min vän) is the first novel by the Swedish author Peter Pohl. It was published in Sweden in 1985. The English translation by Laurie Thompson was published in 1991. The 1996 film My Friend Joe is based on the book.  Danish: Min bedste ven 1987 ; Norwegian: Janne min venn 1988 ; German: Jan, mein Freund 1990 (won the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis ) ; Dutch: Jan, mijn vriend 1991 ; English: Johnny, My Friend 1991 ; French: Jan, mon ami 1995 ; Italian: Il mio amico Jan 1996 ; Estonian: Janne, mu sõber 1997 ; Japanese: 『ヤンネ、ぼくの友だち』 1997 ; Icelandic: Janni vinur minn 1997 ; Low German: Jan, mien Fründ 2000 The novel has been translated into 11 languages:   Johnny, My Friend is narrated by 12-year-old Krille. Krille is a naive youth, having grown up in a safe, supporting family in 1950s Stockholm. A new boy, Johnny, appears in Krille's life, and quickly impresses the neighborhood boys with his bicycling prowess. His popularity aside, Johnny is a bit of a mystery, rarely saying anything about his life. The boys of the neighborhood do not know where he lives, and sometimes he disappears for long periods, only to turn up again without explanation. Krille determines to solve the mystery of Johnny. Johnny, My Friend  Johnny, My Friend (Swedish: "Janne, min vän") is the first novel by the Swedish author Peter Pohl. It was published in Sweden in 1985. The English translation by Laurie Thompson was published in 1991. [sep] Knowledge2: Johnny, My Friend: Johnny, My Friend (Swedish: Janne, min vän) is the first novel by the Swedish author Peter Pohl. It was published in Sweden in 1985. The English translation by Laurie Thompson was published in 1991.[1] ; Johnny, My Friend: Johnny, My Friend is narrated by 12-year-old Krille. Krille is a naive youth, having grown up in a safe, supporting family in 1950s Stockholm. A new boy, Johnny, appears in Krille's life, and quickly impresses the neighborhood boys with his bicycling prowess.  His popularity aside, Johnny is a bit of a mystery, rarely saying anything about his life.  The boys of the neighborhood do not know where he lives, and sometimes he disappears for long periods, only to turn up again without explanation. Krille determines to solve the mystery of Johnny. ; Johnny, My Friend: The novel has been translated into 11 languages: ; My Friend Leonard: Desperate, James goes to a liquor store and buys the cheapest bottle of wine with the intention of drinking it.  He spends the night in his car and does not drink the alcohol.  James asks Leonard for thirty thousand dollars, which he uses to bury Lilly and her grandmother.  Leonard had told James while they were in the treatment center that he would look out for James as though he were his son.  He gives the money to James on two conditions: 1) James must agree to tell Leonard later what he did with the money, and 2) if James does decide to drink the bottle of wine (which he still keeps in his apartment), he must agree to call Leonard beforehand. Leonard goes into hiding and James does not hear from him for eighteen months. Finally, Leonard meets with James in San Francisco and they reconcile their relationship.
Knowledge1: The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical is a collection of dark fantasy short stories by American writer Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover and trade paperback by Cosmos Books/Wildside Press in July 2001. "The Dragon of Camlann" (from The Chronicles of the Round Table, 1997) ; "Believing in the Twentieth Century" (from Terra Incognita no. 1, Win. 1996/1997) ; "Ghost" (from Interzone no. 139, Jan. 1999) ; "The Adventure of the Death-Fetch" (from The Game is Afoot, 1994) ; "The Unwanted Grail" (from The Chronicles of the Holy Grail, Nov. 1996) ; "I Told You So" (from Zodiac Fantastic, Sep. 1997) ; "The Murder of Etelven Thios" (from Weirdbook no. 14, Jun. 1979) ; "The Other Murder of Etelven Thios" (from Weirdbook no. 15, 1981) ; "The Final? Murder? of Etelven Thios?" (from Weirdbook no. 15, 1981) ; "Wanderers and Travellers We Were" (from Andromeda 3, 1978) ; "Silkie Son" (from Weirdbook no. 29, Aut. 1995) ; "Just Suppose" (from Horrors! 365 Scary Stories, Oct. 1998) ; "We Are the Dead" (from The Horror Show v. 6, no. 4, Win. 1988) ; "Tom O'Bedlam and the King of Dreams" (from Weird Tales v. 56, no. 1, Fall 1999) ; "The Invisible Knight's Squire" (from Marion Zimmer Bradley's Fantasy Magazine, no. 48, Sum. 2000) ; "The Great World and the Small" (from Marion Zimmer Bradley's Fantasy Magazine no. 18, Win. 1993) [sep] Knowledge2: The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical: The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical is a collection of dark fantasy short stories  by American writer Darrell Schweitzer. It was first published in hardcover and trade paperback by Cosmos Books/Wildside Press in July 2001.[1] ; The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical: The collection consists of sixteen works of the author, including one of his tales about the legendary madman Tom O'Bedlam. The pieces were originally published from 1978-2000 in various speculative fiction magazines and anthologies.
Knowledge1: Robots (ISBN: 978-0441013210) is a science fiction anthology edited by American writers Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois. It was published in 2005, and includes stories on the theme of "robots" that were originally published from 1985 to 2003, though mostly from the last few years of that range. It is the 32nd book in their anthology series for Ace Books. Robot series  The "Robot" series is a series of 37 science fiction short stories and six novels by American writer Isaac Asimov, featuring positronic robots. Later, Asimov would merge the "Robot" series with his "Foundation" series. [sep] Knowledge2: I, Robot: The stories are woven together by a framing narrative in which the fictional Dr. Susan Calvin tells each story to a reporter (who serves as the narrator) in the 21st century.  Although the stories can be read separately, they share a theme of the interaction of humans, robots, and morality, and when combined they tell a larger story of Asimov's fictional history of robotics.[citation needed] ; Robots (Asimov anthology): Robots is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Isaac Asimov, Martin H. Greenberg and Charles G. Waugh as the ninth volume in their Isaac Asimov's Wonderful Worlds of Science Fiction series. It was first published in paperback by Signet/New American Library in April 1989. The first British edition was issued in paperback by Robinson in 1989.[1] ; Robots (Asimov anthology): The book collects seventeen novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors, together with an introduction by Asimov.
Knowledge1: The Outdoor Survival Handbook is a 1992 survival book by Ray Mears. First published as The Complete Outdoor Handbook; The book is divided into four sections, one for each season with chapters on clothing, survival skills and tools for each. Includes illustrations by Paul Bryant. The Outdoor Survival Handbook  The Outdoor Survival Handbook is a 1992 survival book by Ray Mears. First published as "The Complete Outdoor Handbook"; The book is divided into four sections, one for each season with chapters on clothing, survival skills and tools for each. Includes illustrations by Paul Bryant. [sep] Knowledge2: The Outdoor Survival Handbook: The Outdoor Survival Handbook is a 1992 survival book by Ray Mears. First published as The Complete Outdoor Handbook; The book is divided into four sections, one for each season with chapters on clothing, survival skills and tools for each.[1] Includes illustrations by Paul Bryant. ; The Outdoor Survival Handbook: This article about a reference book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The Theosophist Alice Bailey taught that Christ (in her books she refers to the powerful spiritual being best known by Theosophists as Maitreya as The Christ or The World Teacher, not as Maitreya) would return “sometime after AD 2025”, and that this would be the New Age equivalent of the Christian concept of the Second Coming of Christ. Millennial Rites  Millennial Rites is an original novel written by Craig Hinton and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Sixth Doctor and Mel. [sep] Knowledge2: Tardis:   Millennial Rites  Virgin Missing Adventures 15       Doctor: Sixth Doctor   Companion(s): Mel   Featuring: Anne   Main enemy: Ashley Chapel   Main setting: London, 30 December 1999 to 1 January 2000   Key crew  Publisher: Virgin Books   Writer: Craig Hinton   Cover by: Alister Pearson    Release details  Release number: 15   Release date: 19 October 1995   Format: Paperback Book; 18 Chapters, 311 Pages   ISBN: ISBN 0-426-20455-7     Virgin Missing Adventures   ← Previous Next →     Managra  The Empire of Glass       ; Tardis: Millennial Rites was the fifteenth novel in the Virgin Missing Adventures series. It was written by Craig Hinton and featured the Sixth Doctor and Melanie Bush in an adventure that took place before the events seen in Terror of the Vervoids, Mel's first television appearance. This story was notable for playing with an issue posed in The Ultimate Foe - how the Doctor could become the Valeyard. ; Tardis: England, 1999: the Sixth Doctor and Mel have come to London to celebrate the new year with old friends — and to heal old wounds. But others are making more sinister preparations to usher in the new millennium. A software house is about to run a program that will change the fabric of reality. And an entity older than the universe is soon to be reborn. ; Tardis: When Anne Travers' fear of the Great Intelligence and millionaire philanthropist Ashley Chapel's secret researches combine, London is transformed into a dark and twisted mirror image populated by demons and sorcerers. Only the Doctor can put things right, but his friends have also been shockingly changed and he cannot trust anybody — least of all himself. ; Millennials: Effects of intensifying assortative mating (discussed in the previous section) will likely be seen in the next generation, as parental income and educational level are positively correlated with children's success.[398] In the United States, children from families in the highest income quintile are the most likely to live with married parents (94% in 2018), followed by children of the middle class (74%) and the bottom quintile (35%).[415]
Knowledge1: Shame is a novel by the Swedish crime-writer Karin Alvtegen, originally published as Skam in Sweden in 2005. It was translated into English by Steven T. Murray in 2006 and was shortlisted for the Duncan Lawrie International Dagger award for crime novels in translation. [sep] Knowledge2: Shame (Alvtegen novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: The Burning (1991) ISBN: 0875795218 ; The Santa Claus Book (published under the pseudonym Alden Perkes, 1982) ISBN: 978-0818403811 [sep] Knowledge2: The Burning (novel): The Burning is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.  It features the Eighth Doctor.  It is the beginning of a run of books in which the amnesiac Doctor is stuck on Earth without a functioning TARDIS. ; The Burning (novel): In the late 19th century, the village of Middleton is on the verge of bankruptcy due to the tin mine running out, when a huge fissure opens in the moorlands.  After a visitor called Roger Nepath offers to buy the mine and visits the fissure with the lord of the manor, Lord Urton's personality changes, and allows Nepath to move into his manor house with his sister Patience. ; The Burning (novel): The amnesiac Doctor arrives at the village and befriends Professor Dobbs from The Society of Psychical Research during his research into the fissure.  Dobbs's assistant Gaddis claims to have empathic powers, which lead him to point along the fissure, where he is chased off by Urton.  The Doctor notices that the water in a dam near the fissure has become warm and acidic, suggesting that it has been heated. Returning to the Fissure they find Gaddis's corpse horribly burnt, which fascinates the Doctor. ; The Burning (novel): Nepath later holds an auction to fund his purchase, and demonstration  a metal that returns to its original shape when destroyed, which Nepath gives the Doctor a sample of. The army gives Nepath a large amount of money for him to create self repairing guns for the army, which Nepath uses to buy more mining equipment. Later, the metal turns into molten lava, which causes the remains of TARDIS to grow to normal size, although it is still a featureless blue box. Dobbs and the Doctor break into the manor and discover that Nepath had been making many copies of his artifacts out of the metal, then selling them, as well as a young woman's body in a box, before narrowly escaping the Urtons. ; The Burning (novel): Going into the mines, the Doctor finds that the tremors that caused the fissure opened up a new mine shaft, which is full of pools of molten lava, which is the source of the metal. The lava suddenly forms into creatures which burn Dobbs to death whilst the Doctor escapes. The Doctor explains to Reverend Stobbold that Nepath is helping living magma, with the power to reform itself, which has already replaced the Urtons and mine workers. After an explosion, the Doctor realises that Middleton is located in an ancient volcanic caldera - with a new eruption about to start. The Doctor meets the army on the way to pick up their new guns, where they are attacked by magma creatures and the new guns explode when fired, killing most of the soldiers.
Knowledge1: Second Generation is a 1964 novel by Raymond Williams, set in the 1960s. The contrasting worlds of the university and the factory, and individuals who try to find their place among contradictory forces.  Harold Owen, his brother Gwyn, son Peter and wife Kate all experience the contrasts. The book is based on the actual situation in Oxford of the 1960s, where the ancient university was right next to Morris Motors, as it then was. [sep] Knowledge2: Second Generation (novel): Second Generation is a 1964 novel by Raymond Williams, set in the 1960s.  The contrasting worlds of the university and the factory, and individuals who try to find their place among contradictory forces. ; Second Generation (novel): Harold Owen, his brother Gwyn, son Peter and wife Kate all experience the contrasts.  The book is based on the actual situation in Oxford of the 1960s, where the ancient university was right next to Morris Motors, as it then was. ; Second Generation (novel): This article about a 1960s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Second Generation (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  The book was first published in 1967 (Number A261X) by Award Books part of the Beacon-Signal division of Universal Publishing and Distributing Corporation (New York, USA), part of the Conde Nast Publications Inc. The novel was written by Manning Lee Stokes. Copyright was registered on 12 October 1967. [sep] Knowledge2: The Guard (novel): The Guard (Arabic: الحارس, romanized: El Hares) is Ezzat el Kamhawi's third novel, and sixth book, released by el-Ain publishing in 2008.[1] ; The Guard (novel): The Guard came as an important example of alienation, which affects humans when they put themselves in the service of authoritarian power to the extent of absence, through the life of lieutenant Waheed who joined the Cavalry to guard the president. ; The Guard (novel): Lt. Waheed becomes integrated with his work to the degree of loss of his private life completely, his features becomes more and more similar with other guards. Waheed devotes himself to serving the security system and live in the hope of seeing the President one day, but never achieve his hope, because whenever the President decides to go out, there are forty processions leaving the gates of the palace, and as much air processions, with the president in one of them, or not in any of them at all. ; The Guard (novel): This article about an Egyptian novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Guard (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Rebecca West  Dame Cicily Isabel Fairfield (21 December 1892 – 15 March 1983), known as Rebecca West, or Dame Rebecca West, was a British author, journalist, literary critic and travel writer. An author who wrote in many genres, West reviewed books for "The Times", the "New York Herald Tribune", "The Sunday Telegraph" and "The New Republic", and she was a correspondent for "The Bookman". Her major works include "Black Lamb and Grey Falcon" (1941), on the history and culture of Yugoslavia; "A Train of Powder" (1955), her coverage of the Nuremberg trials, published originally in "The New Yorker"; "The Meaning of Treason" (first published as a magazine article in 1945 and then expanded to the book in 1947), later "The New Meaning of Treason" (1964), a study of the trial of the British fascist William Joyce and others; "The Return of the Soldier" (1918), a modernist World War I novel; and the "Aubrey trilogy" of autobiographical novels, "The Fountain Overflows" (1956), "This Real Night" (published posthumously in 1984), and "Cousin Rosamund" (1985). "Time" called her "indisputably the world's number one woman writer" in 1947. She was made CBE in 1949, and DBE in 1959; in each case, the citation reads: "writer and literary critic". She took the pseudonym "Rebecca West" from the rebellious young heroine in "Rosmersholm" by Henrik Ibsen. She was a recipient of the Benson Medal. [sep] Knowledge2: Nathanael West: He put his hands up to catch it and for some inexplicable reason didn't hold them close together. The ball tore through, hit him in the forehead, and bounced into some brush. There was a roar from the crowd and [West] took one look and turned tail. To a man, the crowd had risen, gathered bats, sticks, stones, and anything they could lay hands on and were in hot pursuit. He vanished into some woods and didn't emerge until nightfall. In telling the story he was convinced that if they had caught him they would have killed him.[6]
Knowledge1: Nuclear Alert is the thirteenth story arc in Buck Danny, a Franco-Belgian comic book series by Jean-Michel Charlier and.  the second American president featured in the Buck Danny novels, as John F. Kennedy had previously appeared in the 1962 novel Les Voleurs de Satellites ("Satellite Thieves"). Finally, the Cancun trade summit targeted by the terrorists was an actual event, the North–South Summit on International Cooperation and Development, taking place from October 21 to October 24, 1981. The three "Nuclear Alert" novels were the first in "Buck Danny" not to have been drawn by Victor Hubinon because of the artist's death in 1979. Instead, Charlier chose younger artist, who was himself a longtime fan of "Buck Danny" as well as a former military pilot, to work with him. Bergèse has provided the drawing for every novel since, and was also left in charge of the story after Charlier's death. [sep] Knowledge2: Nuclear Alert (Buck Danny): Nuclear Alert is the thirteenth story arc in Buck Danny, a Franco-Belgian comic book series by Jean-Michel Charlier and Francis Bergèse [fr]. ; Nuclear Alert (Buck Danny): Like the rest of "Buck Danny," Nuclear Alert was originally published in several (three) different novels before being made into a single album during the nineties. The three novels were Mission Apocalypse, Les Pilotes de l'Enfer (The Pilots from Hell), and Le Feu du Ciel (Fire From Heaven), in 1982, 1983 and 1985 respectively. ; Nuclear Alert (Buck Danny): Most of the novel follows two separate plots, one for the protagonists and one for the villains. The former - Buck Danny, Jerry Tumbler and Sonny Tuckson - are now pilots on the USS John F. Kennedy and have recently transferred to flying F-14 Tomcats. The trio of pilots is temporarily reassigned from their training exercises in the Caribbean, to represent the United States at an air show in the fictional Central American nation of Managua. ; Nuclear Alert (Buck Danny): Meanwhile, Interpol and U.S. intelligence have been observing an increase in criminal actions throughout the world, which they believe are being committed by the same people. They are revealed to be an anti-capitalist terrorist organization, which steals three nuclear weapons from the U.S. Air Force during the novel and plans to use them to wipe out the upcoming North–South Summit in Cancun, hosting all the major world leaders outside of the Eastern Bloc and China. ; Nuclear Alert (Buck Danny): The two plot lines are joined at the end of the novel, when the terrorists - having hired Lady X, the heroes' nemesis - succeed in stealing two of the three F-14s in Managua, which they intend to use as a delivery system for the bombs (the F-14 being the plane best capable of penetrating the security screens that will surround the conference). Danny is ordered to Washington to give his report of the events.
Knowledge1: Malvaloca is a 1912 play written by the Spanish brothers Joaquín Álvarez Quintero and Serafín Álvarez Quintero. It has been adapted into films three times. A fallen woman from Málaga is eventually redeemed. The title refers to the name of the leading character. [sep] Knowledge2: Malvaloca (play): Malvaloca is a 1912 play written by the Spanish brothers Joaquín Álvarez Quintero and Serafín Álvarez Quintero. It has been adapted into films three times.[1] A fallen woman from Málaga is eventually redeemed. The title refers to the name of the leading character. ; Malvaloca (play): This article on a play from the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  People Magazine gave the book four stars. The Washington Post called it "a great read, with strong characters, an exciting lawsuit to pull you along and really good use of the medical context." However The Boston Globe called the novel "fairly engaging if sometimes [an] arduous read." Handles (novel)  Handles is a realistic children's novel by Jan Mark, first published in 1983 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth, London, with illustrations by David Parkins. Set in the Norfolk countryside, it features a city girl on holiday, who loves motorcycles. Nicholas Tucker calls it "a happy, optimistic work"; Erica escapes "mean-minded relatives" for the "anarchic motorbike-repair outfit in a nearby town".<ref name=tucker/>  Mark and "Handles" won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.<ref name=medal1983/> Thus she became the third writer with two such honors (of seven through 2012), having won the 1976 Medal for her debut novel "Thunder and Lightnings".<ref name=medal1976/> Also set in the Norfolk countryside, it features two boys who love aeroplanes.  Atheneum Books published the first U.S. edition in 1985, retaining the Parkins illustrations.<ref name=LCC/> [sep] Knowledge2: Handles (novel): Handles is a realistic children's novel by Jan Mark, first published in 1983 by Kestrel Books of Harmondsworth, London, with illustrations by David Parkins. Set in the Norfolk countryside, it features a city girl on holiday, who loves motorcycles. Nicholas Tucker calls it "a happy, optimistic work"; Erica escapes "mean-minded relatives" for the "anarchic motorbike-repair outfit in a nearby town".[2] ; Handles (novel): Mark and Handles won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.[3] Thus she became the third writer with two such honors (of seven through 2012), having won the 1976 Medal for her debut novel Thunder and Lightnings.[4] Also set in the Norfolk countryside, it features two boys who love aeroplanes. ; Handles (novel): Atheneum Books published the first U.S. edition in 1985, retaining the Parkins illustrations.[1] ; Handles (novel): "Handles" in this book are names with a special significance, a symbol of self-discovery or growing into oneself. The title also plays on the "handles" by which a motorcycle is steered, a symbol of control. ; Handles (novel): Erica Timperley, a city girl who loves motorcycles, is bored with her holiday in Norfolk where her Uncle and Aunt grow acres of vegetables. Then she sees a cat with false teeth and discovers Mercury Motor Cycles, an unusual motorcycle repair shop down an alley. There she meets the enigmatic young man "Elsie" Wainwright, who allows her the honour of helping out in the workshop. Apart from beginning to learn the trade, Erica learns a whole new arcane vocabulary and meets an array of curious characters including Bunny and Bill Birdcycle. Eventually she gets a "handle" of her own, and by the end of the summer is determined to become a mechanic.
Knowledge1: Shadow Over Nordmaar (1982) under the pen name Dezra Despain ; The Immortals (1996) ; Starcraft: Speed of Darkness (2002) ; Fireborn: Embers of Atlantis (2011) ; Wayne of Gotham (June 2012) ; Swept up by the Sea 2 (2013) ; Lincoln's Wizard (2015) with Dan Willis [sep] Knowledge2: Shadow (Brown book): Brown won the annual  Caldecott Medal for illustration of an American children's picture book in 1983, her third.[2] The book was also a finalist for the National Book Award for Young People's Literature in the hardcover picture book category.[3]
Knowledge1: The Museum of Abandoned Secrets  The Museum of Abandoned Secrets (Ukrainian: Музей покинутих секретів) is a 2009 novel written by Oksana Zabuzhko. The novel, more than 800 pages long, spans six decades of contemporary Ukrainian history.  Critics have compared the book to Thomas Mann's "Buddenbrooks" and works of Fyodor Dostoyevsky. The novel, Zabuzhko's third, is a modern multigenerational saga which covers the years 1940 to 2004, framed as investigations by a journalist, Daryna Hoshchynska, of historical events in western Ukraine including the Holodomor, the Ukrainian Insurgent Army, and later political changes, ending just before the Orange Revolution.  The book won the 2010 award for best Ukrainian book, presented by "Korrespondent" magazine, and the 2013 Angelus Central European Literature Award, presented by the City of Wroclaw. Angelus jury president, Natalya Gorbanevskaya, described the book as a "book that weaves into one history and modernity, the book that features magic, love, betrayal, and death."<ref name="WNU"/> [sep] Knowledge2: Oksana Zabuzhko: Ukrainians are fighting to free Europe from the spectre of totalitarianism
Knowledge1: Responsibility is a novel by New Zealand author Nigel Cox, published by Victoria University Press in 2005. The novel is set in contemporary Berlin, and tells the story of an expatriate New Zealander who, whilst working as a consultant for German museums, becomes embroiled in criminal activity out of boredom. The novel is notable for combining noir and detective fiction clichés with comedy, as well as having a serious emotional centre. Much of the book's source material is drawn from Nigel Cox's own experiences living in Berlin, and working at the Jewish Museum there, between 2000 and 2005. [sep] Knowledge2: Author: Authors rely on advance fees, royalty payments, adaptation of work to a screenplay, and fees collected from giving speeches.[21]
Knowledge1: Villa Amalia (novel)  Villa Amalia is a novel by the French author Pascal Quignard. It was first published in 2006 by Gallimard, and has appeared in their "folio" series as no. 4588. , it has been translated into Russian. [sep] Knowledge2: Villa Amalia (novel): Villa Amalia is a novel by the French author Pascal Quignard.[1] It was first published in 2006 by Gallimard, and has appeared in their "folio" series as no. 4588. As of 2007[update], it has been translated into Russian. ; Villa Amalia (novel): The middle-aged composer Ann Hidden has traced her partner of many years, Thomas, to the house where he is conducting an affair with a younger woman. At the scene she meets, for the first time since their adolescence, an old school friend from her childhood in Brittany, Georges Roehl. She takes the decision to end her former life, and in the space of a few months she leaves her part-time job as a music editor, ends her relationship with Thomas, visits her mother (from whom she is estranged) in Brittany but is not reconciled to her, sells the house in Paris that she has shared with Thomas, and asks Georges to create a place where she can live and compose in the grounds of his house near Sens in Burgundy, and leads him to believe that she will live there.  ; Villa Amalia (novel): Georges is eager to re-establish a relationship with her, since he is mourning the death of his gay partner. However, once the sale of her Paris house has been finalised, she leaves without giving any indication of her destination, and after some travelling establishes herself on the Italian island of Ischia near Naples, eventually renting and renovating an old house on a headland. The house is called Villa Amalia and gives the book its name.  ; Villa Amalia (novel): While on Ischia she begins an affair with a doctor called Leonhardt Radnitzky, who has recently divorced and has part-time custody of his four-year-old daughter Magdalena (Lena). She spends much of her time swimming in the sea, and on one occasion becomes exhausted and is rescued by a couple in a yacht, Charles and his much younger partner Juliette (also known as Giulia). They are on the point of splitting up, and eventually Ann and Giulia form a profound relationship and live together in the Villa Amalia, and Lena lives with them when Leonhardt's work means that he cannot look after her.  ; Villa Amalia (novel): While Ann is out one day, and Giulia is asleep, Lena suffocates on a peanut. Giulia leaves and Ann's life disintegrates. Shortly afterwards, her mother dies; she returns to Brittany for the funeral, which is also attended by Thomas, by her father (a musician of Romanian Jewish origin, who left the family when she was a child) and by her school friend Véri, who has maintained contact between Ann and her mother. Ann refuses to be reconciled with Thomas, is rejected by her father, and quarrels with Véri. She returns to Burgundy and lives with Georges though they have no sexual relationship; at the end of the book he dies, with the implication that he has been suffering from AIDS though this is not stated.
Knowledge1: The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series)  The Twilight Zone (marketed as Twilight Zone for its final two seasons) is an American science fiction horror anthology television series created and presented by Rod Serling, which ran for five seasons on CBS from October 2, 1959, to June 19, 1964. Each episode presents a stand-alone story in which characters find themselves dealing with often disturbing or unusual events, an experience described as entering "the Twilight Zone," often with a surprise ending and a moral. Although predominantly science-fiction, the show's paranormal and Kafkaesque events leaned the show towards fantasy and horror. The phrase "twilight zone," inspired by the series, is used to describe surreal experiences.  The series featured both established stars and younger actors who would become much better known later. Serling served as executive producer and head writer; he wrote or co-wrote 92 of the show's 156 episodes. He was also the show's host and narrator, delivering monologues at the beginning and end of each episode. Serling's opening and closing narrations usually summarize the episode's events encapsulating how and why the main character(s) had entered the Twilight Zone.  In 1997, the episodes "To Serve Man" (directed by Richard L. Bare) and "It's a Good Life" (directed by James Sheldon) were respectively ranked at 11 and 31 on "TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time". Serling himself stated that his favorite episodes of the series were "The Invaders" (directed by Douglas Heyes) and "Time Enough at Last" (directed by John Brahm).  "The Twilight Zone" is widely regarded as one of the greatest television series of all time. In 2002, the series was ranked 26 on "TV Guide"s 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time. In 2004, it was ranked No. 8 on TV Guide's Top Cult Shows Ever, moving to No. 9 three years later. In 2013, the Writers Guild of America ranked it as the third best-written TV series ever and "TV Guide" ranked it as the fourth greatest drama, the second greatest sci-fi show and the fifth greatest show of all time. In 2016, the series was ranked No. 7 on "Rolling Stone"s list of the 100 greatest shows of all time and was ranked No. 12 in 2022. [sep] Knowledge2: Zones (novel): Zones is a 1997 young adult science fiction novel by Damien Broderick and Rory Barnes.[1] It follows the story of Jenny who receives a phone call from another year. ; Zones (novel): Zones was first published in Australia in 1997 by Moonstone, a division of HarperCollins Australia, in trade paperback format.[2] In 2004 it was released as a braille book by Vision Australia Information and Library Service.[3]  In 2012, it appeared in print in the US for the first time, from Borgo/Wildside. ; Zones (novel): The protagonist is a teenager called Jenny who lives in Melbourne with her father and enjoys physics.  She has a typical life until receiving a phone call from a boy from the year 1965.[clarification needed] ; Zones (novel): Zones was a short-list nominee for the 1997 Aurealis Award for best young-adult novel and best science fiction novel but lost to Catherine Jinks' Eye to Eye and Greylands by Isobelle Carmody in the young-adult category and to Broderick's The White Abacus in the science fiction category.[4] ; Zones (novel): This article about a young adult novel of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Doppelganger, also published under the title Warrior, is a high fantasy novel written by Marie Brennan that chronicle the adventures of Miryo, a witch, and Mirage, her doppelgänger. [sep] Knowledge2: Warriors (novel series): Cats who live outside of the Clans are categorized into three groups: housecats, referred to as "kittypets" by Clan cats, who are looked down upon for their cozy and lazy lifestyle; "loners", who are cats who live outside of the Clans, usually by themselves; and "rogues", cats who live on their own and intend to do harm to the Clans. In some instances, stray cats may form large groups of their own. It is rare for a stray cat to join a Clan, as outsiders are generally distrusted and scorned by Clan cats.
Knowledge1: Beyond was written by Donald P. Rapp and was published in 1981 by Paranoia Press as a digest-sized 32-page book with a map.  The book collects eleven short works by the author. [sep] Knowledge2: Beyond (book): Beyond: Our Future in Space is a non-fiction book by astronomer and professor Chris Impey that discusses the history of space travel and the future trajectory of human exploration of space. Impey's third popular science book for Norton was published as a hardcover in 2015. ; Beyond (book): Beyond: Our Future in Space is a non-fiction book by astronomy professor Chris Impey on the history and future of human exploration of space. The book starts with a discussion of the human urge to explore, which led us to fan out over the Earth soon after leaving Africa. This urge may have a gene associated with it.[1] This is followed by a recounting of the Space Race of the middle of the 20th century, driven by fierce superpower rivalry between the United States and the former Soviet Union.[2] Early milestones in the history of space travel are summarized, along with the feats and tribulations of human (and animal) space explorers. The "club" of those who have been in Earth orbit is still very select, less than 550, compared to ten times more people who have stood on the summit of Mount Everest.[3] ; Beyond (book): The second section of the book considered the recent doldrums of NASA, where the United States has been unable to launch an astronaut into orbit for over five years. Then it moves to the exciting new opportunities being opened up by the private space companies. Space entrepreneurs are taking risks and investing heavily in a future of Space tourism.[4] Those highlighted include Burt Rutan, Richard Branson, Elon Musk, and Peter Diamandis. Space travel is still bound by red tape and subject to the implacable laws of physics as expressed in the rocket equation. Meanwhile, a new space race is underway among governments, as China, India, and Japan develop their technologies and programs. ; Beyond (book): Beyond then turns to the potential for living and working in space, and the place in the Solar System where we might establish a permanent base. Economic models suggest that a viable space activity can be based on recreation, scientific research, and mining.[5] In addition, there is an enormous amount of habitable real estate revealed by discoveries of extrasolar planets, but the difficulty of traveling beyond the Solar System will keep this beyond reach for a long time. More ambitious approaches include terraforming, where an entire planet or moon is altered to allow human habitation.[6] ; Beyond (book): The final section of the book turns to the far future, where we might one day leave the planet and the Solar System. This will require ambitious new propulsion systems, capable of accelerating a payload to a few percent of the speed of light.[7] The potential of exploration by sentient nanobots is considered, along with the obstacles to achieving teleportation. At the end of the book, the prospects of finding intelligent, technological civilizations elsewhere are discussed. Based on recent estimated of 20 billion habitable worlds in the Milky Way, it's likely that such civilizations exist and some of them are likely to have developed capabilities far beyond our own.[8] We are just venturing off-world for the first time, with an exciting future in space ahead of us.
Knowledge1: The Other Place is a young adult novel written by Monica Hughes, first published in 1999. It was nominated for the 2000 Silver Birch Award.  The Other Place, subtitled "And Other Stories of the Same Sort", is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by J. B. Priestley published in hardcover by Harper & Brothers and Heinemann in 1953. The title story, original to the collection, was adapted as an episode of the television series Westinghouse Studio One in 1958, starring Cedric Hardwicke as "a sorcerer with chin whiskers"  Teacher Librarian called it a "very imaginative tale for fantasy fans."  The Other Place is a play by American playwright Sharr White. The play premiered Off-Broadway in 2011 and then ran on Broadway. The Other Place (novel)  The Other Place is a young adult novel written by Monica Hughes, first published in 1999.  It was nominated for the 2000 Silver Birch Award. The Other Place (play)  The Other Place is a play by American playwright Sharr White. The play premiered Off-Broadway in 2011 and then ran on Broadway. [sep] Knowledge2: The Other Place (novel): The Other Place is a young adult novel written by Monica Hughes, first published in 1999. ; The Other Place (novel): It was nominated for the 2000 Silver Birch Award.[1] ; The Other Place (novel): 16-year-old Alison Fairweather and her family are living in a not-so-distant future when they are taken from their homes and forced to stay in a penal colony, Habitat W, for five years because of a crime against WOGPO, the World Government.[2] Within a month, Gordie Fairweather, Alison's 8-year-old brother, starts having dreams about "Xanadu", a paradise he believes existed behind the walls of their prison. Gordie succeeds in finding Xanadu, and Alison follows him. ; The Other Place (novel): One day, when Alison and the children are eating dinner, Alison catches sight of a wild-looking young woman her age. She discovers that the woman is Kristin, her long-lost friend, who was among the inhabitants of the Habitats. Kristin was not accepted as part of the "Xanadu Family", and has been living in Xanadu, but as an outcast. Kristin does not like Jay, so she and Alison try to follow Jay into his underground home, which he stays in at night. ; The Other Place (novel): Kristin and Alison find that Jay was the one calling the children to go to Xanadu, and for each child he named the paradise differently. They also find out that Jay was the one who had the idea of Xanadu, which was originally the "Botany Bay Project". Jay catches Kristin and Alison, but still lets them stay in Xanadu, both as regular inhabitants.
Knowledge1:  "A Positive" was first published in Australia in 1998 in issue #10 of the horror magazine Bloodsongs. The issue was edited by Steve Proposch and David G. Barnett and published by Implosion Publishing and was the last issue of Bloodsongs to be published. In 2005 "A Positive" was republished in Kaaron Warren's collection, The Grinding House which was edited by Warren and published by CSFG Publishing. "A Positive" won the 1998 Aurealis Award for best horror short story beating works by Paul Brandon, Glyn Parry, Aaron Sterns, as well as her other work that was nominated, "The Glass Woman".  "A Positive" is a 1998 horror short story by Kaaron Warren. [sep] Knowledge2: Norman Vincent Peale: Liston Pope, Dean of Yale Divinity School, agreed with Neibuhr. "There is nothing humble or pious in the view this cult takes of God. God becomes sort of a master psychiatrist who will help you get out of your difficulties. The formulas and the constant reiteration of such themes as "You and God can do anything" are very nearly blasphemous."[40]
Knowledge1: Down is a four-issue American comic book limited series published in late 2005 and early 2006, by Top Cow Productions, an imprint of Image Comics. The series was written by Warren Ellis and illustrated by Cully Hamner and Tony Harris. Down tells the story of an undercover cop, sent on an unofficial mission to deal with a fellow officer who "went native" when infiltrating a drugs gang. [sep] Knowledge2: Down (novel): Down is an original novel by Lawrence Miles  featuring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield. The New Adventures were a spin-off from the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. ; Down (novel): As with some other Bernice Summerfield fiction, the novel is written as if taken from Bernice's diaries and, as such, explores the implications of her being an unreliable narrator. The novel includes characters from the People, an alien civilisation introduced in The Also People.
Knowledge1:  Max is a 1982 novel by Howard Fast. It tells the story of a young man who leaves his humble roots on the lower east side of New York City to find success in Hollywood's earliest stages. Max has had 52 editions of publication in 10 languages.  Max (ISBN: 9780763611385) is a children's book by Bob Graham. In 2000 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Gold Award. [sep] Knowledge2: Max Blumenthal: Subsequently, Jake Sullivan, then senior policy adviser for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, said: "Secretary Clinton emphatically rejects these offensive, hateful, and patently absurd statements about Elie Wiesel."[93][94]
Knowledge1: What You Make It is a short story collection by English writer Michael Marshall Smith, first published in 1999. It was his first short story collection. The contents were later republished as part of the expanded collection More Tomorrow & Other Stories, which, unlike What You Make It, was available outside of the UK. [sep] Knowledge2: Steven Johnson (author): After growing up in Washington, D.C., and graduating from St. Albans School in 1986, Johnson moved to New York City in 1990 and spent twenty-one years there, living in Morningside Heights, Manhattan, for seven years, then the West Village, where his first son was born.[2] Johnson writes that, on September 11, 2001, he and his wife "watched the Twin Towers fall from Greenwich Street on our son's first day home from the hospital. When our second son was on the way, we decamped for Brooklyn..."[2]
Knowledge1: Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I  Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I is an anthology of fantasy novellas, edited by American writer Lin Carter. It was first published in paperback by Ballantine Books in September, 1972 as the fifty-second volume of its "Ballantine Adult Fantasy series". It was the eighth such anthology assembled by Carter for the series.<ref name="ISFDB"/> Section::::Summary. The book collects four novellas by five fantasy authors, with an overall introduction and notes by Carter. It is a companion volume to Carter's subsequent collection "Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II" (1973).<ref name="ISFDB"/><ref name="IW"/> [sep] Knowledge2: Lin Carter: Few had escaped the holocaust of inconceivable cold that blew ravening down the boreal Pole...
Knowledge1: The Voice (poem)  "The Voice" is a poem by English author Thomas Hardy, which was published in "Satires of Circumstance" 1914. [sep] Knowledge2: The Voice (poem):  "The Voice" is a poem by English author Thomas Hardy, which was published in Satires of Circumstance 1914. ; The Voice (poem): Woman much missed, how you call to me, call to me Saying that now you are not as you were When you had changed from the one who was all to me, But as at first, when our day was fair.  Can it be you that I hear? Let me view you, then, Standing as when I drew near to the town Where you would wait for me: yes, as I knew you then, Even to the original air-blue gown!  Or is it only the breeze, in its listlessness Travelling across the wet mead to me here, You being ever dissolved to wan wistlessness, Heard no more again far or near?          Thus I; faltering forward,         Leaves around me falling, Wind oozing thin through the thorn from norward,         And the woman calling.[1]
Knowledge1: Follow The Music the autobiography of record mogul Jac Holzman and the founding of his record company Elektra Records, written by Jac Holzman and Gavan Daws. The books follows Holzman on his journey from overseeing limited pressings of obscure folk artists to signing international stars such as The Doors, right up to the sale of the company and beyond. Since its initial publication in 1998, the book has been described as "a must-read addition to the best chronicles of popular music in this over-stulated century" by Timothy White, editor in chief at Billboard magazine, and an "extraordinary history ... funny, enlightening, and entertaining" by Allmusic. Notes Bibliography [sep] Knowledge2: Groupie: Puck bunny: a young female hockey fan, especially one motivated more by a desire to meet the players than by an interest in hockey.[18]
Knowledge1:  Time After Time is a 1979 science fiction novel by American writer Karl Alexander. Its plot speculates what might have happened if H. G. Wells had built a real time machine to travel to the 1970s in search of Jack the Ripper. The novel was adapted to film the same year, under the same title, by Alexander's friend Nicholas Meyer who had optioned the story after reading the early pages. Meyer wrote his screenplay as Alexander finished the novel and the two freely shared ideas for their respective iterations. A short-lived television series adaptation aired in 2017.  A musical version of the novel, with book and lyrics by Stephen Cole and music by Jeffrey Saver, had its first reading in November 2007 as part of the American Musical Theatre Project at Northwestern University in Illinois and in 2010 had its world premiere at the Pittsburgh Playhouse. Time After Time (Appel novel)  Time After Time is a novel by Allen Appel, first published in 1985 by Carroll & Graf. It launched the "Alex Balfour" series of time travel novels, which the author usually refers to as the "Pastmaster" series. [sep] Knowledge2: Time After Time (1979 film): Time After Time is a 1979 American science fiction film written and directed by Nicholas Meyer and starring Malcolm McDowell, David Warner, and Mary Steenburgen. Filmed in Panavision, it was the directing debut of Meyer, whose screenplay is based on the premise from Karl Alexander's novel Time After Time (which was unfinished at the time) and a story by Alexander and Steve Hayes. The film presents a story in which British author H. G. Wells uses his time machine to pursue Jack the Ripper into the 20th century.
Knowledge1:  Grafton is a travel writer who decides to write the first ever travel guide to "the land beyond the mountains", an otherwise-unnamed Eastern European nation which is almost impossible to reach. [sep] Knowledge2: Yangzom Brauen: Eisenvogel ("Iron Bird"), Brauen's account of her grandmother Kunsang's and her mother Sonam's escape from Tibet, and her own youth in exile, was published in 2009 and became a bestseller in Germany. It was later published in English as Across Many Mountains.[5]
Knowledge1: Small Changes is a collection of science fiction short stories by Hal Clement, published by Doubleday in 1969. It was issued in Great Britain by Robert Hale Publishing, and reprinted in paperback by Dell Books as Space Lash. Small Changes  Small Changes is a collection of science fiction short stories by Hal Clement, published by Doubleday in 1969. It was issued in Great Britain by Robert Hale Publishing, and reprinted in paperback by Dell Books as "Space Lash". [sep] Knowledge2: Small Changes Over Long Periods of Time: A trans man discovers that becoming a vampire has more consequences than he had expected. ; Small Changes Over Long Periods of Time: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Small Changes Over Long Periods of Time: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; B. J. Fogg: Fogg lives in Healdsburg, California[38][non-primary source needed] and Maui.[39]
Knowledge1:  New Adventures of Alice is a novel by John Rae, written in 1917 and published by P. F. Volland of Chicago. It is, according to Carolyn Sigler, one of the more important "Alice imitations", or novels inspired by Lewis Carroll's Alice books. The book opens with a little girl, Betsy, wishing for another Alice book. She passes into a dream, and finds in the attic a book which begins with Alice reading Mother Goose rhymes to her kittens, leading to further adventures. The book features black-and-white line drawings as well as colour plates by the author, who was known for his portraits of Carl Sandburg and Albert Einstein. [sep] Knowledge2: Alice Sebold: After his exoneration, Broadwater said: "I'm not bitter or have malice towards her."[19] A week later, Sebold publicly apologized for her part in his conviction, saying she was struggling "with the role that I unwittingly played within a system that sent an innocent man to jail" and that Broadwater "became another young Black man brutalized by our flawed legal system. I will forever be sorry for what was done to him."[10] The manner of Sebold's apology drew criticism from some observers, who noted that it was largely made in the passive voice and did not acknowledge any direct responsibility for Broadwater's conviction.[20][21] Scribner, the publisher of Lucky, released a statement following Broadwater's exoneration that distribution of all formats of the book would cease while Sebold and the publisher determined how to revise the work.[22]
Knowledge1: Tagline: Don't trust your eyes, at all. Skin is a contemporary Christian fiction science fiction/horror novel released in April 2007 by Ted Dekker. Dekker's novel, Skin was published by Thomas Nelson with the purpose to connect the Circle Trilogy, the Project Showdown books, and an upcoming series of books.    Skin and Other Stories is a collection of short stories written by Roald Dahl. It was published in 2000 by Puffin Books, a division of Penguin Putnam Books. Many of these stories first appeared in the Dahl book, Someone Like You, and also includes the story "The Surgeon", originally published in Playboy magazine in 1986. Skin (short story)  "Skin" is a macabre short story written by author Roald Dahl.  It was first published in the May 17, 1952 issue of "The New Yorker", and was later featured in the collections "Someone Like You", published in 1953, and "Skin and Other Stories", published in 2000. It was adapted for television as part of Anglia Television's "Tales of the Unexpected", broadcast on March 8, 1980. [sep] Knowledge2: Skin (short story):  "Skin" is a macabre short story written by author Roald Dahl.  It was first published in the May 17, 1952 issue of The New Yorker,[1] and was later featured in the collections Someone Like You, published in 1953, and Skin and Other Stories, published in 2000. It was adapted for television as part of Anglia Television's Tales of the Unexpected, broadcast on March 8, 1980. ; Skin (short story): A destitute old man named Drioli walks through the streets of Paris.  When he passes by an art gallery and sees a painting by Chaïm Soutine, he reminisces about a time long-ago when they were friends. Over thirty years earlier, Soutine had been in love with Drioli's wife Josie, and on a particular day in autumn 1913, Drioli, a tattoo artist, had been fortunate to work on nine clients, most of whom had paid in cash. This resulted in unusually large earnings for that day, and he had decided to celebrate by buying their fill of bottles of wine. When he had become drunk, Drioli asked Soutine to paint a picture of Josie on Drioli's back and then tattoo over it, which Soutine agreed to; once taught how to by Drioli and discussing the artistic merits of tattooing, Soutine is pleased enough with the resultant artwork to sign it. After the First World War, Soutine was discovered by a dealer and sent to Céret, and Drioli and Josie moved their tattoo business to Le Havre. During the Second World War, Josie died in a bombing incident and in his grief Drioli lost his business, being forced into panhandling. ; Skin (short story): Drioli enters the art gallery and on being forcibly removed back out, discloses to the proprietor and gathering crowd his incredible tattoo. Several people make bids for it, also inquiring after Drioli's health because the picture actually does not have much value as long as he is alive. Two men in particular offer unusual proposals. One says he will pay for a skin-grafting operation so that the artwork may be removed from Drioli's back, and that he will also pay for the artwork thus obtained; other patrons warn that at such poor health and advanced age, Drioli would never survive the skin-grafting surgery. The other man, claiming to be the owner of the Bristol Hotel in Cannes, offers that Drioli becomes an employee of sorts at said hotel and live instead a life of luxury and leisure while exhibiting his back to the guests whilst sunning and drinking cocktails at his private beach. Drioli, who is hungry, accepts the latter's proposal and leaves the gallery with him. ; Skin (short story): The narrator then explains that there is no Bristol Hotel in Cannes, and that a heavily varnished painting matching the description of Drioli's tattoo turned up for sale at an auction in Buenos Aires a few weeks later, and that this "causes one to wonder a little, and to pray for the old man's health, and to hope fervently that wherever he may be at this moment, there is a plump attractive girl to manicure the nails of his fingers, and a maid to bring him breakfast in bed in the mornings". ; Skin (short story): Groff Conklin in 1954 called the story "a hair-curling slice of macabre".[2]
Knowledge1: SAGE Handbook of Political Science (ed. with Bertrand Badie and Leonardo Morlino), 3 vol., SAGE, London, 2020. ; Political Science – A Global Perspective (with Bertrand Badie and Leonardo Morlino), SAGE, London, 2017. ; Mixed Methods in Comparative Politics, Palgrave, 2012. ; International Encyclopedia of Political Science (ed. with Bertrand Badie and Leonardo Morlino), 8 vol., SAGE, Los Angeles, 2011. ; Aktuelle Methoden der Vergleichenden Politikwissenschaft (with Lasse Cronqvist), Barbara Budrich Publishers, Opladen, 2011. ; Democratization – The State of the Art (ed.), Barbara Budrich Publishers, Opladen & Farmington Hills, 2nd ed., 2007. ; Poverty and Democracy (with Norbert Kersting), ZED Books, London, 2003. ; Vergleichende Politikwissenschaft, [sep] Knowledge2: The Techniques of Democracy: The Techniques of Democracy is a book written by Alfred Bingham. It was published in 1943 by New York City publishers Duell, Sloan and Pearce. In this book, Bingham argues against both dogmatic individualism and dogmatic socialism.[1] ; Democracy: A council court of randomly chosen citizens serves as a check on the tyranny of the majority, and rules on which body gets to vote on which issue. Delegates may vote differently from how their sending council might wish but are mandated to communicate the wishes of their sending council. Delegates are recallable at any time. Referendums are possible at any time via votes of lower-level councils, however, not everything is a referendum as this is most likely a waste of time. A parpolity is meant to work in tandem with a participatory economy. ; Alexis de Tocqueville: A longtime sufferer from bouts of tuberculosis, Tocqueville would eventually succumb to the disease on 16 April 1859 and was buried in the Tocqueville cemetery in Normandy.[citation needed] ; Alexis de Tocqueville: The above is often misquoted as a slavery quote because of previous translations of the French text. The most recent translation by Arthur Goldhammer in 2004 translates the meaning to be as stated above. Examples of misquoted sources are numerous on the internet such as "Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom",[35] but the text does not contain the words "Americans were so enamored by equality" anywhere. ; Alexis de Tocqueville: Tocqueville explicitly cites inequality as being incentive for the poor to become rich and notes that it is not often that two generations within a family maintain success and that it is inheritance laws that split and eventually break apart someone's estate that cause a constant cycle of churn between the poor and the rich, thereby over generations making the poor rich and the rich poor. He cites protective laws in France at the time that protected an estate from being split apart among heirs, thereby preserving wealth and preventing a churn of wealth such as was perceived by him in 1835 within the United States.[citation needed]
Knowledge1: Death in Five Boxes is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr, who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate, Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.  According to Jacques Barzun and Wendell Hertig Taylor, "As usual, Carter Dickson's plot is extremely complicated and it depends on a variety of gimmicks, most of which are barely plausible. One good one is the method of poisoning the White Lady cocktails without anybody's going near the shaker or the glasses.  For the rest, the dialogue is in the worst style of false excitement and byplay, particularly the part allotted to the egregious Sir Henry Merrivale, who calls everybody "son" and yells "shut up" whenever he is stumped.  The early portion is dull, the middle chaotic, and the end interminable."  Dr. John Sanders, a serious young forensic scientist, is stopped by a pretty young girl late at night. Marcia Blystone asks him to accompany her to the top floor of a four-story building, to the apartment of Mr. Felix Haye, because she is afraid to go up alone. Before they reach the apartment, he finds an umbrella-swordstick with bloodstains on it, and they are immediately stopped by a clerk from the Anglo-Egyptian Importing Co. Ltd., one floor below Mr. Haye's flat. He mentions grumpily that Haye and his guests have been laughing uproariously and stomping their feet on the floor. When the couple finally enters Haye's flat, they find the host   all of them, yet someone has managed to poison them. Chief Inspector Masters brings in Sir Henry Merrivale to investigate the bizarre circumstances. At the offices of Charles Drake, Haye's lawyer, they find the evidence of five small boxes, all empty. They are each labeled with a name—the three guests, the clerk, and someone named "Judith Adams", who turns out to be a deceased author who wrote a book on legendary dragons. It takes all Sir Henry's ingenuity to work out the tangle of relationships and motives and reveal not only who stabbed Felix Haye, but also poisoned the cocktails and how—and why Judith Adams is the key to it all. Death in Five Boxes  Death in Five Boxes is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr, who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate, Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters. [sep] Knowledge2: Death in Five Boxes: Death in Five Boxes is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr, who published it under the name of Carter Dickson.  It is a whodunnit and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his associate, Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters. ; Death in Five Boxes: Dr. John Sanders, a serious young forensic scientist, is stopped by a pretty young girl late at night.  Marcia Blystone asks him to accompany her to the top floor of a four-story building, to the apartment of Mr. Felix Haye, because she is afraid to go up alone. ; Death in Five Boxes: Before they reach the apartment, he finds an umbrella-swordstick with bloodstains on it, and they are immediately stopped by a clerk from the Anglo-Egyptian Importing Co. Ltd., one floor below Mr. Haye's flat.  He mentions grumpily that Haye and his guests have been laughing uproariously and stomping their feet on the floor.  When the couple finally enters Haye's flat, they find the host stabbed to death, and his three guests—including Miss Blystone's surgeon father—unconscious due to atropine poisoning. ; Death in Five Boxes: The couple make their way back to the importing company, where the clerk offers them the telephone and promptly disappears.  Upon their recovering consciousness, each of the three guests is questioned about the unusual contents of their pockets.  The doctor is carrying four wrist watches; a beautiful dealer in art is carrying a bottle of quicklime and another of phosphorus; and the owner of the Anglo-Egyptian Importing Company is carrying the ringing mechanism of an alarm clock and a convex piece of glass.  All three swear that their cocktails were prepared from unopened bottles in the presence of all of them, yet someone has managed to poison them.  Chief Inspector Masters brings in Sir Henry Merrivale to investigate the bizarre circumstances. ; Death in Five Boxes: At the offices of Charles Drake, Haye's lawyer, they find the evidence of five small boxes, all empty.  They are each labeled with a name—the three guests, the clerk, and someone named "Judith Adams", who turns out to be a deceased author who wrote a book on legendary dragons.
Knowledge1: The Wizard in the Wonderland is the 1991 sequel to The Wizard In the Woods and the second book in the wizard trilogy by Jean Ure. The Wizard in Wonderland  The Wizard in the Wonderland is the 1991 sequel to "The Wizard In the Woods" and the second book in the wizard trilogy by Jean Ure. [sep] Knowledge2: The Wizard in Wonderland: The Wizard in the Wonderland is the 1991 sequel to The Wizard In the Woods and the second book in the wizard trilogy by Jean Ure. ; The Wizard in Wonderland: The plot details the reunion of junior wizard Ben-Muzzy and his friends Joel and Gemma. They visit Wonderland on Ben-Muzzy's magic broomstick, however their fun is interrupted when a race known as the Airy Fairies steals the broomstick. Now the three friends must retrieve it before it is missed by the other wizards. ; The Wizard in Wonderland: This article about a children's novel of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Wizard in Wonderland: This article about a 1990s fantasy novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Wonderful Wizard of Oz: Glinda greets them and reveals that Dorothy's silver shoes can take her anywhere she wishes to go. She embraces her friends, all of whom will be returned to their new kingdoms through Glinda's three uses of the Golden Cap: the Scarecrow to the Emerald City, the Tin Woodman to Winkie Country, and the Lion to the forest; after which the cap will be given to the King of the Winged Monkeys, freeing him and his band. Dorothy takes Toto in her arms, knocks her heels together three times, and wishes to return home. Instantly, she begins whirling through the air and rolling on the grass of the Kansas prairie, up to the farmhouse, though the silver shoes fall off her feet en route and are lost in the Deadly Desert. She runs to Aunt Em, saying "I'm so glad to be home again!"
Knowledge1: Transcension was first published in the United States on 19 February 2002 by Tor Books in hardback format. In March 2003 it was republished in paperback format. Transcension won the 2002 Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel and was a short-list nominee for the 2003 Ditmar Award for best Australian novel but lost to Sean Williams' and Shane Dix's Echoes of Earth.  Transcension is a 2002 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of lawyer Mohammed Kasim Abdel-Malik who after being killed his body is placed in cryonic suspension his mind is used as a source for an artificial intelligence, Aleph.  a Romanian and Latin American Jew. However, its publication was delayed by a dispute about the book's principal authorship and status as a novel or autobiography. Isacovici asserted that the book was his memoir, and that he had hired Rodriguez to improve the Spanish text. Rodriguez threatened legal action, stating that the book was fictionalized, incorporated some of his own memories, and argued he was the main author and should be credited as such. The controversy has been critiqued as an example of literary usurpation and as an attempt to cast doubt on a Holocaust survivor's experience. The English translation was published in 1999 with Isacovici and Rodriguez listed as co-authors. Transcension (novel)  Transcension is a 2002 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of lawyer Mohammed Kasim Abdel-Malik who after being killed his body is placed in cryonic suspension his mind is used as a source for an artificial intelligence, Aleph. [sep] Knowledge2: Transcension (novel): Transcension is a 2002 science fiction novel by Damien Broderick. It follows the story of lawyer Mohammed Kasim Abdel-Malik, whose body is placed in cryonic suspension and his mind used as a source for the artificial intelligence Aleph after he is killed.[1] ; Transcension (novel): Transcension was first published in the United States on 19 February 2002 by Tor Books in hardback format.[2] In March 2003 it was republished in paperback format.[2] Transcension won the 2002 Aurealis Award for best science fiction novel and was a short-list nominee for the 2003 Ditmar Award for best Australian novel but lost to Sean Williams' and Shane Dix's Echoes of Earth.[3][4] ; Transcension (novel): This article about a 2000s science fiction novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Transcension (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Transcension: Transcension may refer to:
Knowledge1: Little Women  Little Women is a coming-of-age novel written by American novelist Louisa May Alcott (1832–1888).  Alcott wrote the book, originally published in two volumes in 1868 and 1869, at the request of her publisher. The story follows the lives of the four March sisters—Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy—and details their passage from childhood to womanhood. Loosely based on the lives of the author and her three sisters,  "Little Women" was an immediate commercial and critical success, with readers eager for more about the characters. Alcott quickly completed a second volume (titled "Good Wives" in the United Kingdom, though the name originated with the publisher and not Alcott). It was also met with success. The two volumes were issued in 1880 as a single novel titled "Little Women". Alcott subsequently wrote two sequels to her popular work, both also featuring the March sisters: "Little Men" (1871) and "Jo's Boys" (1886).   The novel has been said to address three major themes: "domesticity, work, and true love, all of them interdependent and each necessary to the achievement of its heroine's individual identity." According to Sarah Elbert, Alcott created a new form of literature, one that took elements from romantic children's fiction and combined it with others from sentimental novels, resulting in a totally new genre. Elbert argues that within "Little Women" can be found the first vision of the "All-American girl" and that her various aspects are embodied in the differing March sisters.<ref name="Elbert" />  The book has been translated into numerous languages, and frequently adapted for stage and screen. [sep] Knowledge2: Women writers: Anna Komnene, the daughter of the Emperor Alexios I Komnenos, wrote Alexiad around 1148. It was written in a form of artificial Attic Greek. Anna described the political and military history of the Byzantine Empire during the reign of her father, thus providing a significant account on the Byzantium of the High Middle Ages. Among other topics, the Alexiad documents the Byzantine Empire's interaction with the Crusades and highlights the conflicting perceptions of the East and West in the early 12th century. It does not mention the schism of 1054 – a topic which is very common in contemporary writing. Nevertheless it successfully documents firsthand the decline of Byzantine cultural influence in both eastern and western Europe, particularly in the West's increasing involvement in its geographic sphere.[9]
Knowledge1: "Come On Over" is a Grammy award winning song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music singer Shania Twain. It was the tenth single and title track from her third studio album Come On Over (1997). It was written by Twain and her then-husband, Robert John "Mutt" Lange. "Come On Over" was originally released to North American country radio stations in September 1999. The song went on to win a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2000. "Come On Over" was included in the setlists of the Come On Over Tour, Now Tour and in a medley for the Up! Tour; it was also performed at the CMAs on September 29, 1999. The song was later included in Twain's 2004 Greatest Hits album. [sep] Knowledge2: Come On Over (Bee Gees song): In 1976 Olivia Newton-John's recorded a version and released it as the lead single from her seventh studio album of the same name. It peaked at No.23 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was Newton-John's sixth No.1 in a row on the Easy Listening chart, for one week in April 1976.[1] "Come On Over" peaked at No.5 on the US country chart[2] and No.3 in New Zealand.
Knowledge1: edited by Nicholas Coles and Peter Oresick, both of the University of Pittsburgh. It is a companion volume to their critically acclaimed Working Classics: Poems on Industrial Life, an anthology of blue-collar work poetry. For a Living remains in print since its first publication in 1995 by the University of Illinois Press. ""[This] new anthology. . . challenges the view that work is a less provocative subject than nature, spirituality or even love. . . . For a Living liberates the voices of those we work alongside every day without perhaps really hearing them."" - Carol Hymowitz, The Wall Street Journal  Ai · Maggie Anderson · John Ashbery · Dorothy Barresi · Jan Beatty · Wanda Coleman · Jim Daniels · Toi Derricotte · Cornelius Eady · Martín Espada · Alice Fulton · Tess Gallagher · Dana Gioia · Albert Goldbarth · Judy Grahn · Edward Hirsch · David Ignatow · Denis Johnson · Lawrence Joseph · Maxine Hong Kingston · Susan Kinsolving · Ted Kooser · Brad Leithauser · Philip Levine · Thomas Lynch · Campbell McGrath · Joyce Carol Oates · Ed Ochester · Sharon Olds · Alicia Ostriker · Louis Simpson · Michelle Tokarczyk · John Updike · Judith Vollmer · Tom Wayman · C. K. Williams  The novel is dedicated to one of Highsmith's college teachers, Ethel Sturtevant, "my friend and teacher", along with Dorothy Hargreaves and Mary McCurdy. [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:Biographies of living persons: If different judicial proceedings result in seemingly contradictory outcomes that do not overrule each other,[e] include sufficient explanatory information.
Knowledge1:  Patricia Kathleen Page, (23 November 1916 – 14 January 2010) was best known as a Canadian poet, though the citation as she was inducted as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada reads "poet, novelist, script writer, playwright, essayist, journalist, librettist, teacher and artist." She was the author of more than thirty published books that include poetry, fiction, travel diaries, essays, children's books, and an autobiography. As a visual artist, she exhibited her work as P.K. Irwin at a number of venues in Canada and abroad. Her works are in the permanent collections of the National Gallery of Canada, the Art Gallery of Ontario and the Burnaby Art Gallery. By special resolution of the United Nations, in 2001 Page's poem "Planet Earth" was read simultaneously in New York, the Antarctic, and the South Pacific to celebrate the International Year of Dialogue Among Civilizations. [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:How to create a page: The file namespace is another exception in that media files are not created directly by any of the methods discussed above. Rather, media files are uploaded, which is done through a separate and dedicated interface, accessed by clicking on "Upload file" from the tool menu on the left of a page. (Please note that media files that are in the public domain or which bear a free copyright license compatible with the free licenses borne by Wikipedia's content should generally be uploaded to the Wikimedia Commons rather than to Wikipedia, so that all Wikimedia projects have access to the media file.)
Knowledge1:  Dirt will be remembered not as a great novel, but as a key pivot-point for an industry that desperately needs to change." A group of Latino writers formed a movement in response to the publication and initial mainstream praise of American Dirt called "#DignidadLiteraria" (English: Literary Dignity). On February 3, 2020, the group met with Macmillan, the owner of Flatiron Books, to demand greater representation of Latinx writers under the publication house. Macmillan agreed to these terms. The group is also demanding "investigation into discriminatory practices in the publishing industry at large." USA Today's Barbara VanDenburgh called the book "problematic". She wrote, "American Dirt positions itself   Dirt is the second novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods. It was first published in 1996 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in New York, a few years after the events in New York Dead. The novel continues the story of Stone Barrington, a retired detective turned lawyer/private investigator [sep] Knowledge2: The Dirt: The AV Club described the book as a tell-all about the rock star life that had "soul-crushing moments" and moments where the protagonists reach "moments of clarity." They compared it to Marilyn Manson’s The Long Hard Road Out of Hell.[8] ; The Dirt: "They may be one of the worst bands to scale the platinum peaks of success," remarked Uncut, "but Mötley Crüe, in cahoots with Marilyn Manson biographer Neil Strauss, have a hell of a story to tell… A book to make the mighty Tap themselves shiver with fear."[11] ; Dirt (novel): Dirt is the second novel in the Stone Barrington series by Stuart Woods. ; Dirt (novel): It was first published in 1996 by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in New York, a few years after the events in New York Dead. The novel continues the story of Stone Barrington, a retired detective turned lawyer/private investigator ; Dirt (novel): This article about a thriller novel of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: The Death of the Author  "The Death of the Author" (French: "La mort de l'auteur") is a 1967 essay by the French literary critic and theorist Roland Barthes (1915–1980). Barthes's essay argues against traditional literary criticism's practice of relying on the intentions and biography of an author to definitively explain the "ultimate meaning" of a text. Instead, the essay emphasizes the primacy of each individual reader's interpretation of the work over any "definitive" meaning intended by the author, a process in which subtle or unnoticed characteristics may be drawn out for new insight. The essay's first English-language publication was in the American journal "Aspen", no. 5–6 in 1967; the French debut was in the magazine "Manteia", no. 5 (1968). The essay later appeared in an anthology of Barthes's essays, "Image-Music-Text" (1977), a book that also included his "From Work to Text". [sep] Knowledge2: Steven Pruitt: Pruitt's non-Wikipedia-related interests include the Capitol Hill Chorale, in which he sings. He is a fan of opera, which started from his parents' inculcation at an early age,[6] and this passion provided inspiration for his Wikipedia username "Ser Amantio di Nicolao" – after a minor character in the 1918 Puccini opera Gianni Schicchi.[7] Pruitt is also a fan of classical music.[2] As of 2018, he is single and living with his parents as their caregiver due to the high costs of housing in the Washington, D.C., area.[6]
Knowledge1: Source: [sep] Knowledge2: Louis L'Amour: (including series novels) ; Louis L'Amour: In fictional story order (not the order written).[21]
Knowledge1: The Burning (1991) ISBN: 0875795218 ; The Santa Claus Book (published under the pseudonym Alden Perkes, 1982) ISBN: 978-0818403811 [sep] Knowledge2: The Burning (novel): The Burning is a BBC Books original novel written by Justin Richards and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.  It features the Eighth Doctor.  It is the beginning of a run of books in which the amnesiac Doctor is stuck on Earth without a functioning TARDIS. ; The Burning (novel): In the late 19th century, the village of Middleton is on the verge of bankruptcy due to the tin mine running out, when a huge fissure opens in the moorlands.  After a visitor called Roger Nepath offers to buy the mine and visits the fissure with the lord of the manor, Lord Urton's personality changes, and allows Nepath to move into his manor house with his sister Patience. ; The Burning (novel): The amnesiac Doctor arrives at the village and befriends Professor Dobbs from The Society of Psychical Research during his research into the fissure.  Dobbs's assistant Gaddis claims to have empathic powers, which lead him to point along the fissure, where he is chased off by Urton.  The Doctor notices that the water in a dam near the fissure has become warm and acidic, suggesting that it has been heated. Returning to the Fissure they find Gaddis's corpse horribly burnt, which fascinates the Doctor. ; The Burning (novel): Nepath later holds an auction to fund his purchase, and demonstration  a metal that returns to its original shape when destroyed, which Nepath gives the Doctor a sample of. The army gives Nepath a large amount of money for him to create self repairing guns for the army, which Nepath uses to buy more mining equipment. Later, the metal turns into molten lava, which causes the remains of TARDIS to grow to normal size, although it is still a featureless blue box. Dobbs and the Doctor break into the manor and discover that Nepath had been making many copies of his artifacts out of the metal, then selling them, as well as a young woman's body in a box, before narrowly escaping the Urtons. ; The Burning (novel): Going into the mines, the Doctor finds that the tremors that caused the fissure opened up a new mine shaft, which is full of pools of molten lava, which is the source of the metal. The lava suddenly forms into creatures which burn Dobbs to death whilst the Doctor escapes. The Doctor explains to Reverend Stobbold that Nepath is helping living magma, with the power to reform itself, which has already replaced the Urtons and mine workers. After an explosion, the Doctor realises that Middleton is located in an ancient volcanic caldera - with a new eruption about to start. The Doctor meets the army on the way to pick up their new guns, where they are attacked by magma creatures and the new guns explode when fired, killing most of the soldiers.
Knowledge1: The Sword of Shibito (しびとの剣) is a manga series written by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Missile Kakurai (加倉井ミサイル). It was serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic Birz from 1998 until 2002. The Sword of Shibito was also licensed  in English by Central Park Media and in French by 12 Bis. The manga takes place in the Edo period of Japan.  Mania.com's Jarred Pine criticises the manga for its art, which is "a horrible mess". Animefringe's authors agreed and noted that "the cover art looks great and you get two pages in the manga that look excellent so it’s upsetting to see this". The Sword of Shibito  The manga takes place in the Edo period of Japan. Hideyuki Kikuchi [sep] Knowledge2: The Sword of Shibito: The Sword of Shibito (Japanese: しびとの剣, Hepburn: Shibito no Ken) is a manga series written by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Missile Kakurai (加倉井ミサイル). It was serialized in the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic Birz from 1998 until 2002.[1][2] The Sword of Shibito was also licensed   in English by Central Park Media and in French by 12 Bis.[3] ; The Sword of Shibito: The manga takes place in the Edo period of Japan.[4] ; The Sword of Shibito: Mania.com's Jarred Pine criticises the manga for its art, which is "a horrible mess".[5] Animefringe's authors agreed and noted that "the cover art looks great and you get two pages in the manga that look excellent so it’s upsetting to see this".[6] ; The Sword of Shibito: This manga-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.;  The Sword of Shibito :   The Sword of Shibito  しびとの剣Shibito no Ken  Genre Fantasy
Knowledge1:  Muhammad Khudayyir (born 1942) is an Iraqi writer. He was born in Basra where he still lives. He is mainly known as a writer of short stories, having published several collections till date. These include Black Kingdom and Vision of Autumn. In 2004, Khudayyir won the Sultan Bin Ali Al Owais Cultural Award for his contribution to literature. Basrayatha, a fictional memoir of his native city, has been translated into English by William Hutchins. [sep] Knowledge2: Khubsoorat: In Pune, middle-aged Nirmala Gupta, wife of Dwaraka Prasad Gupta and mother of Dr. Inder Gupta, is a strict disciplinarian and runs her household by laws. Everyone in the house, including Inder and Dwaraka Prasad, follow her laws even though they do not approve of them. Soon, she fixes the marriage of her second son Chander Gupta with Anju Dayal, who is from Mumbai and is the daughter of the rich widower Ram Dayal and is the elder sister of Manju Dayal. After Chander and Anju's marriage, Manju comes to visit Anju for some months. Being a playful girl, she quickly gets the disapproval of Nirmala but Inder falls in love with her. Manju also befriends Dwaraka Prasad and gets the trust of everyone in the house except Nirmala. One day, over Inder, Dwaraka Prasad and other family members, Manju performs a small play highlighting the tyranny of Nirmala who was not believed to be at home at that time but she accidentally sees the play. She gets hurt as everyone thinks her a dictator even though she does good to the family members. Moreover, the fact that everyone did not feel free with her but felt free with Manju who is an outsider, hurts her more. The next day, except Manju, Nirmala and Dwaraka Prasad, Inder and other family members leave the house for some days for a wedding. Manju then apologises to Nirmala but she instead banishes her from her house. Seeing this, Dwaraka Prasad loses his temper and he confronts Nirmala which causes him to get a serious heart attack. Nirmala gets tensed but Manju acts timely and saves Dwaraka Prasad. At last, Nirmala understands Manju's character. However, when Inder and other family members return home, Manju leaves the house but Inder follows her to the railway station with Nirmala who stops her. In the end, Inder and Manju get married.
Knowledge1: The Aware  The Aware (2003) is the first book in "The Isles of Glory" by Glenda Larke. [sep] Knowledge2: Jane Roberts: A few contemporary world events were commented upon, such as the Jonestown Guyana deaths[41] and the Three Mile Island accident.[42]
Knowledge1: Contemporary Authors Online. The Gale Group, 2003. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000149473. [sep] Knowledge2: Pen name: Wuxia novelist Louis Cha uses the pen name Gum Yoong (金庸) by taking apart the components of the Chinese character in his given name (鏞) from his birth name Cha Leung-yung (查良鏞).
Knowledge1: Science-Fantasy Quintette is a collection of science fiction short stories by authors L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp and edited by William L. Crawford. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of Repp's The Radium Pool and Hubbard's Triton. The stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown, Amazing Stories, Fantasy Book and Science Wonder Stories. Science-Fantasy Quintette  Science-Fantasy Quintette is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writers L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp, edited by William L. Crawford. It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc. in an edition of 300 copies. The book is an omnibus of Repp's "The Radium Pool" and Hubbard's "Triton". The stories originally appeared in the magazines "Unknown", "Amazing Stories", "Fantasy Book" and "Science Wonder Stories". [sep] Knowledge2: Science-Fantasy Quintette: Science-Fantasy Quintette is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writers  L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp, edited by William L. Crawford.  It was published in 1953 by Fantasy Publishing Company, Inc. in an edition of 300 copies.  The book is an omnibus of Repp's The Radium Pool and Hubbard's Triton.  The stories originally appeared in the magazines Unknown, Amazing Stories, Fantasy Book and Science Wonder Stories.
Knowledge1: Sin (Грех) is a 2007 novel in stories by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. This novel was published in 2007 in Vargius (Russia). [sep] Knowledge2: Sin (Prilepin novel): This novel was published in 2007 in Vargius (Russia).[1]
Knowledge1: Weekend is a novel by the Scottish writer William McIlvanney published in 2006.  The play was unsuccessful on Broadway but was revived in 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Weekend (novel): Weekend is a novel by the Scottish writer William McIlvanney published in 2006.[1] ; Weekend (novel): Writing in the Guardian in 2006, Irvine Welsh describes the book as having the "hunger, verve and freshness of a debut novel", and notes that "one of McIlvanney's greatest gifts as a writer has been the unerring humanity he invests in his characters, even at their most desperate".[1] ; Weekend (novel): Stuart Kelly in the Telegraph highlighted the "terrifically comic moments" and "scenes of utter poignancy in the book" and wrote that "Weekend is Chekhovian in its unspoken moments and hard-won affirmations."[2] ; Weekend (novel): In The Scottish Review of Books it is noted that in "Weekend William McIlvanney offers a masterclass in how to treat our very ancient modern condition: with as much high seriousness and sly wit as it deserves, with compassion for our foolishness and awe at our powers of endurance – simply our getting up every morning to begin again".[3] ; Weekend (novel): Carol Birch in the Independent writes that "A complex, clever book, Weekend showcases McIlvanney's expertise with one-liners. Easy to admire, though curiously uninvolving, it packs a chilly punch".[4]
Knowledge1:  The book was widely-praised, called "a permanent contribution to history" by Kirkus. The book was awarded a National Book Award in 1953. [sep] Knowledge2: Empire (Hardt and Negri book): The book's description of pyramidal levels is a replica of Polybius' description of Roman government, hence the Empire denomination. Furthermore, the crisis is conceived as inherent to the Empire.
Knowledge1:  The book was widely-praised, called "a permanent contribution to history" by Kirkus. The book was awarded a National Book Award in 1953. [sep] Knowledge2: The Empire Writes Back: Tied closely to the distinctive national or regional culture is the comparison between two or more regions that have diverse ideas. The comparisons between countries of the white diaspora;[14] comparisons between areas of Black diaspora[15][16] and comparisons across black and white communities[17] allow for an understanding of the assimilation to predominantly British world-view that occurred due to colonisation. By establishing the inter-relationship between the two cultures, the authors posit that black and white colonies are not able to escape from 'metropolitan-colonial axis'.
Knowledge1: One of the Family (1993) was the last novel written by Monica Dickens, great granddaughter of Charles Dickens. It is set in Edwardian London where the world, like main character Leonard Morley's life, is changing. We start the book with a single note which seems to leave a smudge on Leonard and his family life. The book continues with himself, two sons, a daughter and a wife as well as a large extended family all making room for one more, when curiously charming 'Doctor' Tobias Taylor appears on the scene. However curiosity killed more than just a cat, as the family soon finds out. Leonard Morley, in the very first chapter, receives a threatening note, requesting blood [sep] Knowledge2: One of the Family: One of the Family (1993) was the last novel written by Monica Dickens, the great granddaughter of Charles Dickens.  It is set in Edwardian London where the world, like main character Leonard Morley's life, is changing. ; One of the Family: The story starts when Leonard Morley receives a threatening note. Over time more of these notes turn up, and when the fourth has found its way to Morley, he resolves to tell his manager, William Whiteley. Before Morley can speak to him, Whiteley is shot and killed. In the end, Horace Rayner is charged with murder, Morley testifies at the trial, and Rayner is sentenced to life imprisonment. ; One of the Family: Patrick Skene Catling praised the novel in the Evening Standard, writing, "Her last novel is up to her usual standard — humane, world wise and gently witty."  [1] In a positive review for The Daily Telegraph, Kirsty Milne said, "Monica Dickens evokes the age of corsets and chloroform without slipping too far into the nostalgia trap. Her tendency to jump between a large cast of characters sometimes leaves the novel a little unfocused, but her brisk energy supplies a narrative drive of its own."[2] ; One of the Family: Jessica Mann stated in The Sunday Telegraph, "The plot concerns the actual murder of William Whiteley, of the Queensway store; but this is not a murder story. It is a rambling tale of an extended family. Although the cast is a few steps down in cast from Galsworthy's characters, we are in Forsyte territory."[3]
Knowledge1: The Culture of Collaboration is a business book by Evan Rosen. It's the first book in The Culture of Collaboration series by Rosen. The second book in the series is The Bounty Effect: 7 Steps to the Culture of Collaboration''. The Culture of Collaboration explores how collaborative culture is changing business models and the nature of work. The author goes inside highly-collaborative organizations including Boeing, Toyota, the Dow Chemical Company, Procter & Gamble, DreamWorks Animation, Industrial Light & Magic, the Myelin Repair Foundation, and the Mayo Clinic. He explains how their methods can create value in almost any industry. The book also describes the trend towards real-time, spontaneous collaboration and the deserialization [sep] Knowledge2: Good Faith Collaboration: The book opens with Chapter 1, "Nazis and Norms", which provides an overview of the text, and the author's methodology.[3] In Chapter 2, "The Pursuit of the Universal Encyclopedia", Reagle explores the history of encyclopedias and of community collaboration, focusing on the 20th century onward. Reagle mentions specific examples such as H.G. Wells' World Brain, Paul Otlet's Universal Repository, and the collaborative practices of Quakers.[1][3][6]
Knowledge1: Old Money is a play written by Wendy Wasserstein. The play is "a comedy of manners, one that examines the theme of materialism."  Old Money premiered in an Off-Broadway Lincoln Center production at the Mitzi Newhouse Theater on December 7, 2000 and closed on January 21, 2001. Directed by Mark Brokaw, the cast featured John Cullum, Mary Beth Hurt, Mark Harelik, Emily Bergl, and Kathryn Meisle. Choreography was by John Carrafa and original music was by Lewis Flinn. Jane Greenwood won the Lucille Lortel Award, Outstanding Costume Design.  The play takes place at a party at the private house of Jeffrey Bernstein on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. It time-travels between the present-day party goers and the "Gilded Era" of the early 20th century. [sep] Knowledge2: Old money: "Old money" contrasts with the nouveau riche and parvenus.  These fall under the category "new money" (those not from traditionally wealthy families). ; Old Money (play): Old Money is a play written by Wendy Wasserstein. The play is "a comedy of manners, one that examines the theme of materialism."[1] ; Old Money (play): Old Money premiered in an Off-Broadway Lincoln Center production at the Mitzi Newhouse Theater on December 7, 2000 and closed on January 21, 2001. Directed by Mark Brokaw, the cast featured John Cullum, Mary Beth Hurt, Mark Harelik, Emily Bergl, and Kathryn Meisle.  Choreography was by John Carrafa and original music was by Lewis Flinn. Jane Greenwood won the Lucille Lortel Award, Outstanding Costume Design. ; Old Money (play): The play takes place at a party at the private house of Jeffrey Bernstein on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. It time-travels between the present-day party goers and the "Gilded Era" of the early 20th century. ; Old Money (play): New York Times critic Ben Brantley wrote that the play was " busy, frazzled" and "emphasize[s] theme and situation over character...Every so often an unexpected surge of emotional current electrifies Old Money, touching on feelings that range from the loneliness that follows the death of a family member to the anger that propels an outsider who wants in. But these eruptions subside all too quickly. What we're left with as we contemplate the lucre-worshipers of today and yesterday is a surface comparison of worlds defined by surfaces."[2]
Knowledge1: Source: [sep] Knowledge2: Abel: In the Apocryphon of John, a work belonging to Sethian Gnosticism, Abel is the offspring of Yaldaboath and Eve, who is placed over the elements of water and earth as Elohim, but was only given his name as a form of deception.[12][13]
Knowledge1: Daniel Samuel Senor (born November 6, 1971) is an American-Canadian columnist, writer, and political adviser. He was chief spokesman for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq and senior foreign policy adviser to U.S. presidential candidate Mitt Romney during the 2012 election campaign. A frequent news commentator and contributor to The Wall Street Journal, he is co-author of the book Start-up Nation: The Story of Israel's Economic Miracle (2009). He is married to television news personality Campbell Brown. [sep] Knowledge2: List of works by Leslie Charteris: References
Knowledge1: Het uur tussen hond en wolf is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1987. Het uur tussen hond en wolf [sep] Knowledge2: Het uur tussen hond en wolf: Het uur tussen hond en wolf is een roman van de Nederlandse schrijver Maarten 't Hart. Het boek kwam in 1987 uit bij de uitgeverij De Arbeiderspers. ; Het uur tussen hond en wolf: De roman is autobiografisch. In 1978 verdiende Maarten 't Hart veel geld met zijn roman Een vlucht regenwulpen. Het geld investeerde hij in een huis in de Amsterdamse binnenstad. De vertaler Hans W. Bakx huurde een appartement in het huis. Beide mannen kregen een vreselijke ruzie die eindigde voor de rechtbank. Bakx en 't Hart raakten gebrouilleerd. Enige jaren later in 1987 beschreef Maarten 't Hart zijn visie van het verhaal in de roman Het uur tussen hond en wolf. Bakx publiceerde daarop zijn visie in zijn romandebuut Midas' tranen. ; Het uur tussen hond en wolf: Het uur tussen hond en wolf is de schemering, de tijd van de vespers (tussen 17-18 uur), het avondgebed in de katholieke kerk. ; Het uur tussen hond en wolf:  Het uur tussen hond en wolf is a novel by Dutch author Maarten 't Hart. It was first published in 1987. ; Het uur tussen hond en wolf: This Netherlands-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Eclipse is the debut novel of Dalton Trumbo first published in 1935. The novel is about a town and its people written in the social realist style. The town, which Trumbo calls "Shale City," was modeled on Grand Junction, Colorado, where Trumbo lived from 1908 until he left for the University of Colorado in 1924. Trumbo's daughter Nikola writes in a foreword to a new edition of Eclipse that the character John Abbott was a substitute for Trumbo's father and "was based on the real-life Grand Junction citizen W.J. Moyer, (who) was also destroyed (as his father had been) by the depression." The new edition, published by the Mesa County Public Library Foundation in 2005, includes a list that matches Grand Junction residents to characters in the book and acknowledges that the book's sometimes harsh portrayal of Grand Junction made it controversial in Trumbo's hometown.  Eclipse is a 2000 novel by John Banville. Its dense lyrical style and unorthodox structure have prompted some to describe it as more prose poem than novel. Along with Shroud and Ancient Light, it comprises a trilogy concerning actor Alexander Cleave and his estranged daughter Cass. Eclipse (Meyer novel)  Eclipse (stylized as eclipse) is the third novel in the "Twilight" Saga by Stephenie Meyer. It continues the story of Bella Swan and her vampire love, Edward Cullen. The novel explores Bella's compromise between her love for Edward and her friendship with shape-shifter Jacob Black, along with her dilemma of leaving her mortality behind in a terrorized atmosphere, a result of mysterious vampire attacks in Seattle.  "Eclipse" is preceded by "New Moon" and followed by "Breaking Dawn". The book was released on August 7, 2007, with an initial print run of one million copies, and sold more than 150,000 copies in the first 24 hours alone. "Eclipse" was the fourth bestselling book of 2008, only behind "Twilight", "New Moon", and "Breaking Dawn". A was released on June 30, 2010.  "Eclipse" received generally positive reviews. Critics noted its exploration of more mature themes than those of its predecessors while praising the novel's love triangle and plotting. [sep] Knowledge2: Eclipse (Meyer novel): Eclipse (stylized as eclipse) is the third novel in the Twilight Saga by Stephenie Meyer. It continues the story of Bella Swan and her vampire love, Edward Cullen. The novel explores Bella's compromise between her love for Edward and her friendship with shape-shifter Jacob Black, along with her dilemma of leaving her mortality behind in a terrorized atmosphere, a result of mysterious vampire attacks in Seattle. ; Eclipse (Meyer novel): Eclipse is preceded by New Moon and followed by Breaking Dawn. The book was released on August 7, 2007, with an initial print run of one million copies,[1] and sold more than 150,000 copies in the first 24 hours alone.[2] Eclipse was the fourth bestselling book of 2008, only behind Twilight, New Moon, and Breaking Dawn. A film adaptation of the novel was released on June 30, 2010.[3] ; Eclipse (Meyer novel): The story begins with Seattle being plagued by a string of unsolved murders, which Edward Cullen suspects is caused by a newborn vampire with an uncontrollable thirst for human blood. As Edward and Bella apply to colleges, Bella tells Edward she wants to visit her friend, Jacob Black, a Quileute Native American who, like some other tribe members, can shape shift into a wolf. Edward worries for Bella's safety, but she assures him that neither Jacob nor the wolf pack would harm her. During one visit, Jacob tells Bella that he is in love with her; he wants her to choose him over Edward. Bella tells Jacob she considers him only as a friend. ; Eclipse (Meyer novel): The epilogue reveals that a heartbroken Jacob has run away in his wolf form. Leah is sympathetic, having gone through a similar heartbreak with Sam. She reveals her own disgust and hatred for Bella. ; Eclipse (Meyer novel): Eclipse received mostly positive reviews. Anne Rouyer of School Library Journal gave the novel a positive review and said that, "Meyer knows what her fans want: thrills, chills, and a lot of romance, and she delivers on all counts." Rouyer also thought that as in the two previous installments, "it is Meyer's effective and intense portrayal of first love in all its urgency, passion, and confusion that drives the story along with the supernatural elements coming in a close second", and said that the "injection of heightened sexual tension and sensuality that hasn't been present in the series before" contributed well to the emotional atmosphere of the novel. However, she found that the werewolves' and vampires' histories slowed the book's pace and called the newborn army's story a "convoluted add-in", while noting that they "contribute in some way to Bella's epiphanies about her future."[22] Katie Trattner of Blogcritics praised the characters and their development throughout the novel, particularly the histories of Rosalie and Jasper—contradicting Rouyer—stating, "The history that formed them and their reactions towards Bella become clear and the characters much more solid because of this knowledge. I think that is part of the appeal of these books—the fact that you do become so wrapped up in the characters, that they touch places deep inside yourself." She commended Meyer for painting a good emotional image, as well as Bella's emotional growth, and went on to say that she "writes so fluidly and propels the reader forward so effortlessly."[23] Selby Gibson-Boyce of Tulsa World wrote, "I read without stopping until I finished. Meyer's book would not detach itself from my hand. Exactly the same thing happened with Twilight and New Moon."[24] Publishers Weekly wrote, "The legions of readers who are hooked on the romantic struggles of Bella and the vampire Edward will ecstatically devour this third installment of the story", while noting that, "it's unlikely to win over any newcomers."[25] Kirkus Reviews concluded its review stating that the book's "unsettling racially charged characterizations are offset by messages of overcoming difference and working together. Fans of Bella's angst-drenched love triangle will gobble this entry up, and the open-ended conclusion paves the way for Jake's story to come."[26]
Knowledge1: The Valley is the first novel by Barry Pilton, published in 2005 by Bloomsbury. It is a humorous account of the effect of outsiders on the rural status quo in a fictional mid-Wales valley during the 1980s and is being adapted for television. [sep] Knowledge2: The Valley (novel): The Valley is the first novel by Barry Pilton, published in 2005 by Bloomsbury. It is a humorous account of the effect of outsiders on the rural status quo in a fictional mid-Wales valley during the 1980s and is being adapted for television.[1] ; The Valley (novel): Those living in the insular Nant Valley believe they are immune to the changes going on in the outside world. However, outsiders have discovered the rural idyll and are moving in to enjoy its benefits. Dafydd, the ubiquitous postman, is uncertain the Valley is ready for newcomers. The mysterious Stefan buys a derelict manor house and tries to become a squire - but finds his money impresses no-one and can't even get a drink in the pub as Gwillim the landlord hates all customers.  Jane and Rob, artistic but impoverished urbanites, want to live The Good Life, but their passion for alfresco nudity has tragic repercussions for the farming community. Gradually the fabric of rural life comes undone as local and outsider collide with dramatic results. ; The Valley (novel): Two sequels have been written continuing the story of the characters introduced in The Valley: ; The Valley (novel): This article about a comedy novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Valley (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: How to Future (with Scott Smith), 2020. [sep] Knowledge2: Richard Wright (author): On March 12, 1941, he married Ellen Poplar (née Poplowitz),[56][57] a Communist organizer from Brooklyn.[58] They had two daughters: Julia, born in 1942, and Rachel, born in 1949.[57]
Knowledge1:  The wife of George. She and George find Squirrel and Bone on the side of the highway and take them home. Marcy wants to keep the dogs, and George doesn't allow her to. Marcy feeds them and cleans up their messes, hoping that they will become tame pets. The Squirrel Wife  The Squirrel Wife is the title of a children's fairy tale written by Philippa Pearce and first illustrated by Derek Collard. This original fairy tale published by Longman Young in 1971 has subsequently been republished in Middlesex: New York City; Paris and Madrid. Bill Geldart is responsible for illustrating publications made between 1983–1992 and Wayne Anderson most recently illustrated both New York and London publications in 2007. The squirrel wife is also included within "The Faber book of Modern Fairy Tales". [sep] Knowledge2: Flora & Ulysses: The illustrations include full-page and small pencil drawings, together with comic-book panels describing the gang's adventures. ; Flora & Ulysses: The Horn Book review described the book as "heartwarming" with plenty of humor and a "quirky supporting cast", and notes that the illustrations "accentuate the mood".[2]
Knowledge1: "Moving Day" - 1978, watercolor and pencil on paper, Smithsonian American Art Museum  Moving Day (poetry collection)  Moving Day is a young adult book of poetry by Ralph Fletcher, illustrated by Jennifer Emery. It was first published in 2006. [sep] Knowledge2: Moving Day (New York City): John Pintard, a co-founder of the New-York Historical Society described moving day in a letter to his daughter Eliza in 1832 or 1833: ; Moving Day (New York City): Frontiersman Davey Crockett described his experience of Moving Day when he came to the city to be guest of honor at a dinner given by the Whig Party in 1834:[23] ; Moving Day (New York City): It will begin early – before some of us are up, no doubt, and it will continue late.  The sidewalks will be worse obstructed in every street than Wall-street is where the brokers are in full blast. Old beds and ricketty bedstands, handsome pianos and kitchen furniture, will be chaotically huddled together.   Everything will be in a muddle. Everybody in a hurry, smashing mirrors in his haste, and carefully guarding boot boxes from harm. Sofas that go out sound will go in maimed, tables that enjoyed castors will scratch along and "tip" on one less than its complement.  Bed-screws will be lost in the confusion, and many a good piece of furniture badly bruised in consequence.  Family pictures will be sadly marred, and the china will be a broken set before night, in many a house. All houses will be dirty – never so dirty – into which people move, and the dirt of the old will seem enviable beside the cleanliness of the new.  The old people will in their hearts murmur at these moving dispensations. The younger people, though aching in every bone, and "tired to death," will relish the change, and think the new closets more roomy and more nice, and delight themselves fancying how this piece of furniture will look here and that piece in the other corner. The still "younger ones" will still more enjoy it.  Into the cellar and upon the roof, into the rat-holes and on the yard fence, into each room and prying into every cupboard, they mill make reprisals of many things "worth saving," and mark the day white in their calendar, as little less to be longed for in the return than Fourth of July itself.; Moving Day (New York City): May 1. Fine weather, to the great comfort of the locomotive public. Never knew the city in such a chaotic state. Every other house seems to be disgorging itself into the street; all the sidewalks are lumbered with bureaus and bedsteads to the utter destruction of their character as thoroughfares, and all the space between the sidewalks is occupied by long processions of carts and wagons and vehicles omnigenous laden with perilous piles of moveables. We certainly haven't advanced as a people beyond the nomadic or migratory stage of civilization analogous to that of the pastoral cow feeders of the Tartar Steppes.[27]; Moving Day (New York City): In 1865, the Times described the attitude of the "carmen" on Moving Day:
Knowledge1: Close to Home, is the second novel by English author Deborah Moggach, first published in 1979 by Collins. It is mentioned in the 6th edition of the Bloomsbury Good Reading Guide. Like her first novel You Must Be Sisters it is semi-autobiographical and relates to a time when she was living in Camden Town with two small children, a husband who was often away on business, and struggling to write a novel.  'Funny, affectionate and unpretentious…always a pleasure to read. Moggach has acute things to say about young married life, about looking after children, about the secret places behind noisy North London streets.' (New Statesman, Mar 30, 1979)  The book is set in the long hot summer of 1976 in a suburban London street and concerns the occupants of two adjacent houses. In one lives Kate Cooper who struggles with her two young children and the domestic chores whilst keeping up appearances for her high-flying husband who works as a eurocrat in Brussels, spending little time at home. In the other lives Sam Green is struggling to write a novel whilst his wife goes out to work running a psychiatric practice and his angst-ridden teenage daughter binge eats in her bedroom. Kate and Sam are drawn together whilst their families are seemingly unaware... Close to Home (novel)  Close to Home, is the second novel by English author Deborah Moggach, first published in 1979 by Collins. It is mentioned in the 6th edition of the Bloomsbury Good Reading Guide. Like her first novel "You Must Be Sisters" it is semi-autobiographical and relates to a time when she was living in Camden Town with two small children, a husband who was often away on business, and struggling to write a novel. [sep] Knowledge2: I'm Your Captain (Closer to Home): The story ostensibly deals with a ship's captain on a troubled voyage but facing a mutiny from his crew.[4]  Farner's vocal begins: ; I'm Your Captain (Closer to Home): But after a while they had no ending for the second movement.  Inspired by groups like The Moody Blues,[6] they came upon the idea of using an orchestra, and hired Tommy Baker, an arranger and trumpet player who was working on the Cleveland television series Upbeat.[7]  He suggested they extend the ending so that his orchestral score would have space to develop in,[7] so the band extended the jam on it.[6]  Producer Terry Knight brought in the Cleveland Orchestra to record it.[8]  The band members never heard the full version until Knight played it for them back in Flint.[9]  Farner nearly cried when he heard it, and Brewer has said of their reactions, "We were just like, 'Wow!'" and "Oh my God, it was magnificent."[6][7]
Knowledge1: The Chaos Code is a 2007 science-fiction/fantasy novel for young teenagers by British author Justin Richards. The novel won the Hull Children's Book Award in 2008.  Matt Stribling, a 15-year-old boy on holiday from boarding school, finds his archaeologist father missing under mysterious circumstances. He discovers that his father has been working on an ancient code which may have caused the downfall of ancient civilizations. Now a madman has the code and wants to use it to dominate the world. The Chaos Code  The Chaos Code is a 2007 science-fiction/fantasy novel for young teenagers by British author Justin Richards.  The novel won the Hull Children's Book Award in 2008. [sep] Knowledge2: Justin Richards: Richards is married with two sons, and lives in Warwickshire.[1] ; Justin Richards: (written with Jack Higgins) ; Patrick Ness: Ness won the annual Carnegie Medal in 2011 and in 2012, for Monsters of Men and A Monster Calls.[3][4][5][6][a] He is one of seven writers to win two Medals, and the second to win consecutively. ; Patrick Ness: Ness was naturalised as a British citizen in 2005. He entered into a civil partnership with his partner in 2006, less than two months after the Civil Partnership Act came into force.[21] In February 2023, Patrick disclosed on Instagram that he had married Nick Coveney in Las Vegas in October 2022. He also stated that within the previous "4 or 5 years" he had gotten divorced.[2] ; Patrick Ness: In 2023, Ness was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.[23]
Knowledge1: Twenty years have passed since the action in Wayfarers, and August has settled in his home village of Polden. August's identity is built on a grand delusion and he lives a good and simple life as a sailor who has just returned from America. August is a man who wants to make changes, improve, and renew everything.  August is the second novel in the Wayfarers trilogy, also known as the August trilogy, by the Norwegian author Knut Hamsun. The novel was published on October 1, 1930. [sep] Knowledge2: August (Rossner novel): This article about a 1980s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Kite (1998 film)  Kite, known as in Japan, is a Japanese original video animation written and directed by Yasuomi Umetsu. Two 35-minute episodes were released on VHS on February 25 and October 25, 1998, respectively. However, subsequent releases, including all three DVD releases in the United States, have edited the OVA into a film. [sep] Knowledge2: Kite (novel): Kite is a young adult novel about red kites by Melvin Burgess. It contains 15 chapters and was first published in 1997.[1] ; Kite (novel): When Taylor Mase steals a red kite egg, he is not expecting it to hatch out — but it does. Taylor feels an urge to protect the fragile baby bird, which faces many hazards, including Taylor's own father, a gamekeeper. ; Kite (novel): This article about a 1990s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Kite (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Books written with Alfred E. Kahn ; Sabotage! The Secret War Against America (1942, 1944) ; Taĭnai︠a︡ voĭna protiv Ameriki (1947) ; The Plot Against the Peace: A Warning to the Nation! (1945) ; The Great Conspiracy: The Secret War Against Soviet Russia (1946) ; Gran conspiración contra Rusia (1946, 1948) ; Grote samenzwering (1946) ; Groyse farshverung (1946) ; Gran conspiración contra Rusia (1948) ; Grande congiura (1948) ; Wielki spisek przeciwko ZSRR (1948) ; Velké spiknutí (1950) ; Tālāqu śérā (1981) ; Articles ; "Japan's Undercover Drive in America," Friday (February 14, 1941) ; Plays ; Kathleen (1955) ; Electra: the Legend (1997) ; The Neutrals (1998) ; Joan Saint Joan (1991) ; Screenplays ; Casino Royale (1967 film) ; Teleplays ; Der Spazierstock (1955) [sep] Knowledge2: Mark Riebling: Wedge traces many of the problems to differing personalities, missions, and corporate cultures: while the CIA evolved from freewheeling foreign operations, the FBI focused on domestic security and the punishment of criminals.[1] ; Mark Riebling: Discussing the paperback edition in The Washington Post, Vernon Loeb wrote: "If Riebling's thesis--that the FBI–CIA rivalry had 'damaged the national security and, to that extent, imperiled the Republic'--was provocative at the time, it seems prescient now, with missed communications between the two agencies looming as the principal cause of intelligence failures related to the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks."[6]
Knowledge1:  Black: The Birth of Evil is a novel written by author Ted Dekker. It is the first book in the Circle Series, and is a part of the Books of History Chronicles. The book was published in 2004 by Thomas Nelson. [sep] Knowledge2: Edwin Black: Black is the son of Holocaust survivors from Poland. His mother, Ethel "Edjya" Katz, from Białystok, told of narrowly escaping death during the Holocaust by escaping a boxcar en route to the Treblinka extermination camp as a 13-year old in August 1943. After escaping, she was shot by militiamen and then rescued by a Polish Jewish fighter whom she later married.[1] Black's father described escaping death by fleeing to the woods from a long march to an isolated "shooting pit" and subsequently fighting the Nazis as a Betar partisan. The pair survived World War II by hiding in the forests of Poland for two years, emerging only after the end of the conflict and emigrating to the United States.[1][2]
Knowledge1:  The Test is a novel by Mary Tappan Wright. It was first published in hardcover by Charles Scribner's Sons in February, 1904. It was Wright's second published novel and third published book. [sep] Knowledge2: The Test (Wright novel): The Lamp, after briefly praising the "place for herself among the novelists whose work demands serious consideration" the author had made with Aliens, declared that "'The Test' strengthens her position, fulfills much promise, [and] justifies more expectation. The author has made of the sin of a man and a woman a test for all the folk who figure in her book—a test of individual, of family, of community. The story is simple enough and it is told simply, clearly, forcibly, with a certain fine reserve and freedom from hysteria [painting] the life of a little town, the souls and deeds of its people with keen insight, wide human sympathy, relentless logic." It also noted "a leaven of humor to lighten her soul study. Her folk do not live altogether in italics … and a vein of cheerful sanity runs through even her grayest chapters, insuring them against the morbidness that is the most dangerous pitfall in the path of the novelist who deals familiarly with souls."[6]
Knowledge1:  Darkness is a horror novel by John Saul published in 1991. Set in the fictional hamlet of Villejeune, Florida, a town shrouded by a dark, evil force. On the edge of an eerie swamp the townsfolk act out gruesome rituals to appease the dark spirit that lies within the watery fortress enveloping the village. The Andersons return to the town, and soon realize they must confront this evil head on. [sep] Knowledge2: Darkness (novel): Darkness is a horror novel by John Saul published in 1991. Set in the fictional hamlet of Villejeune, Florida, a town shrouded by a dark, evil force. On the edge of an eerie swamp the townsfolk act out gruesome rituals to appease the dark spirit that lies within the watery fortress enveloping the village. The Andersons return to the town, and soon realize they must confront this evil head on.[1][better source needed] ; Darkness (novel): This article about a horror novel of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Darkness (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Darkness (short story collection): Darkness (1985) is a collection of short stories by  Bharati Mukherjee.[1][2][3][4] ; Darkness Visible (memoir): First published in December 1989 in Vanity Fair, the book grew out of a lecture that Styron originally delivered at a symposium on affective disorders at the Department of Psychiatry of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.[1]
Knowledge1: Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater (1991) is a book by Davi Napoleon about the onstage triumphs and the offstage turmoil at the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn. It includes biographies of the three co-directors, Robert Kalfin, Michael David, and Burl Hash, and anecdotes about behind-the-scenes activities at the Chelsea. It is also a history of the funding crisis for the arts in America. It explores the theater's socioeconomic milieu in the 1970s. There are stories about attempts to censor the arts and describing increasing anti-arts sentiment in this country. The book features a foreword by Broadway director and producer Harold Prince. Prince discusses the problems of   Edge is a fascinating account of the unique theater he created. I doubt we will ever see the like of such a theater again." Frank Langella "I believe this book documents a tragedy. It is a metaphor for the change in the priorities of our society. It follows a diminishing curve of moral responsibility emphasized by the government's unwillingness to acknowledge the place of art in the quality of our lives...They tell me that it's only cyclical, that times will change, that the worship of Mammon will give way to daydreaming, impracticality, naiveté, idealism. Perhaps they're right. After all; there once was a Group Theatre; there once a Mercury Theatre; and there once was the Chelsea." Hal Prince, from the foreword  an art theater in a commercial society. It is written in the style of a novel, even though it is a non-fiction work. The model for the book is Voltaire's Candide. This book was one of a handful on the forefront of the field of creative non-fiction. Three years after its publication, in 1994, the Creative Nonfiction Foundation was established. The author reports that when she submitted a draft of the work as a doctoral dissertation, she was asked to rewrite it because the creative nonfiction approach had not yet been accepted in the academic community. According to her report, members of her dissertation committee said that while it was   "I have vivid memories of Bob Kalfin. His laughter, enthusiasm, and intensity. He made us all feel special and a part of something important...This book is interesting to me because it explores group dynamics...How does one maintain an organization that is created out of the passion and spontaneity and chemistry of certain key individuals?" Glenn Close "A brightly written, thoroughly absorbing account of one of the most innovative theatrical companies of the last five decades. Clashing ideals, opposing personalities, economic hazards and withal superb and original productions are all part of Davi Napoleon's narrative and make up a beguiling chapter of our theatrical history." Thomas Lask, book reviewer The New York Times. "Bob Kalfin is a unique man and Chelsea on  Chelsea on the Edge  Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater (1991) is a book by Davi Napoleon about the onstage triumphs and the offstage turmoil at the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn. It includes biographies of the three co-directors, Robert Kalfin, Michael David, and Burl Hash, and anecdotes about behind-the-scenes activities at the Chelsea.  It is also a history of the funding crisis for the arts in America. It explores the theater's socioeconomic milieu in the 1970s. There are stories about attempts to censor the arts and describing increasing anti-arts sentiment in this country.  The book features a foreword by Broadway director and producer Harold Prince. Prince discusses the problems of maintaining an art theater in a commercial society.  It is written in the style of a novel, even though it is a non-fiction work. The model for the book is Voltaire's "Candide".  This book was one of a handful on the forefront of the field of creative non-fiction. Three years after its publication, in 1994, the Creative Nonfiction Foundation was established. The author reports that when she submitted a draft of the work as a doctoral dissertation, she was asked to rewrite it because the creative nonfiction approach had not yet been accepted in the academic community. According to her report, members of her dissertation committee said that while it was thorough and accurate, they felt they were reading a novel; they asked her to make changes in the style so that it no longer met the criteria of creative nonfiction. She did so in order to get her doctorate, but submitted the earlier draft to publishers. The chapter titles, written in the style of Voltaire's 'Candide' (listed below), were particularly controversial.  The Chelsea Theater Center was founded in 1965 and closed in 1986. It was in residence at the Brooklyn Academy of Music from 1968 to 1978. Before and after that time, it worked in theaters in Manhattan, mainly the Westside Theater.  Glenn Close, Frank Langella, Christopher Lloyd and Meryl Streep were among the actors who worked at the Chelsea. Directors included Des McAnuff, Hal Prince, John Hirsch, and Alan Schneider.  In 1965, when Robert Kalfin founded the Chelsea, there were few nonprofit theaters in New York. During the next ten years, new theaters opened, funding sources decreased, and costs rose. Many nonprofit theaters started to do conventional work that would attract audiences. Kalfin and his partners, David and Hash, continued to do innovative work.  Critics often said that the Chelsea stretched the boundaries of theater. Spectators subscribed to seasons before they knew what the Chelsea would produce the following year. On the other hand, there were many clashes behind the scenes. [sep] Knowledge2: Chelsea on the Edge: Chelsea on the Edge: The Adventures of an American Theater (1991) is a book by Davi Napoleon about the onstage triumphs and the offstage turmoil at the Chelsea Theater Center of Brooklyn. It includes biographies of the three co-directors, Robert Kalfin, Michael David, and Burl Hash, and anecdotes about behind-the-scenes activities at the Chelsea. ; Chelsea on the Edge: It is also a history of the funding crisis for the arts in America. It explores the theater's socioeconomic milieu in the 1970s. There are stories about attempts to censor the arts and describing increasing anti-arts sentiment in this country. ; Chelsea on the Edge: The book features a foreword by Broadway director and producer Harold Prince. Prince discusses the problems of maintaining an art theater in a commercial society. ; Chelsea on the Edge: It is written in the style of a novel, even though it is a non-fiction work. The model for the book is Voltaire's Candide. ; Chelsea on the Edge: This book was one of a handful on the forefront of the field of creative non-fiction. Three years after its publication, in 1994, the Creative Nonfiction Foundation was established.[1] The author reports that when she submitted a draft of the work as a doctoral dissertation, she was asked to rewrite it because the creative nonfiction approach had not yet been accepted in the academic community. According to her report, members of her dissertation committee said that while it was thorough and accurate, they felt they were reading a novel; they asked her to make changes in the style so that it no longer met the criteria of creative nonfiction. She did so in order to get her doctorate, but submitted the earlier draft to publishers. The chapter titles, written in the style of Voltaire's 'Candide' (listed below), were particularly controversial.
Knowledge1: Men and Women is an American play written by David Belasco and Henry Churchill de Mille. It was featured on Broadway in 1890, opening at Proctor's Twenty-Third Street Theater on October 21, 1890. The cast included Maude Adams. It proved successful with audiences, and played for over 200 performances. It was adapted to a silent film of the same name in 1914. [sep] Knowledge2: Men and Women (poetry collection): Men and Women is a collection of fifty-one poems in two volumes by Robert Browning, first published in 1855. While now generally considered to contain some of the best of Browning's poetry, at the time it was not received well and sold poorly.[1]
Knowledge1:  Credits adapted from CD single liner notes. One More Time (book)  One More Time is a 1986 memoir by comedian Carol Burnett. It was published by Random House and became a "New York Times" non-fiction bestseller.  Burnett spent her childhood in a Depression-scarred Hollywood neighborhood, where she lived in a dingy single-room apartment with her grandmother. The child of alcoholic parents - a mother who fantasized about success in Hollywood and a father who eventually was committed to a public sanatorium - she constantly daydreamed about a show business career while at the same time realizing the odds of achieving one were very much against her, until a mysterious benefactor financed her move to New York City. In this book, she presents a coming of age tale that's humorous, heartbreaking, and hopeful.  The book served as the basis for the play "Hollywood Arms", which Burnett co-wrote with her daughter Carrie Hamilton. [sep] Knowledge2: One More Time (book): One More Time is a 1986 memoir by comedian Carol Burnett. It was published by Random House and became a New York Times non-fiction bestseller. ; One More Time (book): Burnett spent her childhood in a Depression-scarred Hollywood neighborhood, where she lived in a dingy single-room apartment with her grandmother. The child of alcoholic parents - a mother who fantasized about success in Hollywood and a father who eventually was committed to a public sanatorium - she constantly daydreamed about a show business career while at the same time realizing the odds of achieving one were very much against her, until a mysterious benefactor financed her move to New York City. In this book, she presents a coming of age tale that's humorous, heartbreaking, and hopeful.[1] ; One More Time (book): The book served as the basis for the play Hollywood Arms, which Burnett co-wrote with her daughter Carrie Hamilton.[2]
Knowledge1:  Unknown is an anthology of fantasy fiction short stories edited by Stanley Schmidt, the fifth of a number of anthologies drawing their contents from the classic magazine Unknown of the 1930s-1940s. It was first published in paperback by Baen Books in October 1988. The book collects nine tales by various authors, together with an introduction by the editor. [sep] Knowledge2: Presents Author Unknown: The song “Before My Heart Attacks” has been described as a mix between “pop, folk, and classical”. It has been compared to the early work of Randy Newman and Harry Nilsson. The lyrics pertain to isolation which is juxtaposed by the song's “subdued yet powerful string arrangement”.[9] ; Wikipedia:Citing Wikipedia: The date and time used should correspond exactly to the latest version listed in the article's Wikipedia history page that states the proposition for which you are citing it. Use of GMT conforms to the timestamp format used in those history entries (e.g., use 24-hour notation to avoid AM/PM).
Knowledge1: Baby (Justin Bieber song)  "Baby" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber, featuring American rapper Ludacris. It was released as the lead single on Bieber's debut album, "My World 2.0". The track was written by Bieber, Ludacris, Christina Milian, Tricky Stewart (who worked with Bieber on a previous single "One Time"), and R&B singer The-Dream, with production helmed by the latter two.  It was available for digital download on January 18, 2010. The song received airplay directly after release, officially impacting mainstream and rhythmic radio on January 26, 2010. The song has received positive reviews from critics who complimented the song's effective lyrics and chorus and commended Ludacris' part and the song's ability to have an urban twist.  The song was a commercial success, peaking at number one in France and Scotland, and charting in the top ten of the United Kingdom, Canada, the United States, Australia, Norway, Japan, Ireland, Hungary, Belgium (Flanders), Slovakia and New Zealand. "Baby" was the fourth most successful single of 2010 in France. The accompanying music video takes place in a mall/bowling-alley setting. The video features several cameos such as Drake, Lil Twist and Tinashe, in which Bieber chases after a girl. As of May 2013, the song has sold 3.9 million digital downloads in the United States and is certified Diamond in the country.<ref name="yahoo_may2013" />  The official music video is the 40th most-viewed video on YouTube and, as of July 2021, is the fourth-most-disliked YouTube video and the second most-disliked YouTube music video. It had been the most-viewed from July 12, 2010, when it surpassed the music video for "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga, until November 24, 2012, when it was surpassed by the music video for "Gangnam Style" by Psy. Bieber performed the song several times, including "Saturday Night Live", and the ninth season of "American Idol". Bieber also performed an acoustic rendition of the remix version with Drake at the 2010 Juno Awards. The official remix in the United Kingdom features British hip-hop artist Chipmunk. [sep] Knowledge2: Baby (MacLachlan novel): Baby is a 1995 children's novel by Patricia MacLachlan. It explores the themes of family and abandonment through the story of a family who has experienced loss, but discovers a baby girl left on their doorstep, with the only information about her on a short note. The story is told from the perspective of a girl named Larkin, whose family discovers and cares for the baby. The book features and references several poems, including one by Edna St. Vincent Millay. ; Baby (MacLachlan novel): It was adapted into a 2000 TV movie directed by Robert Allan Ackerman and starring Farrah Fawcett, Keith Carradine, and Jean Stapleton. ; Baby (MacLachlan novel): Horn Book noted that the age of the book's intended audience was unclear but that it should still be read.[1] Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books called it an "excellent selection for early chapter book readers".[2] The International Reader's Association put it on its 1994 list of books good for teaching.[3] ; Baby (MacLachlan novel): This article about a 1990s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Baby (MacLachlan novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Time to Come is an anthology of science fiction and fantasy stories edited by American writer August Derleth. It was first published by Farrar, Straus and Young in 1954. The stories are all original to this anthology. Foreword, by August Derleth ; "Butch", by Poul Anderson ; "The Pause", by Isaac Asimov ; "Keeper of the Dream", by Charles Beaumont ; "No Morning After", by Arthur C. Clarke ; "The Blight", by Arthur J. Cox ; "Hole in the Sky", by Irving Cox, Jr. ; "Jon’s World", by Philip K. Dick ; "The White Pinnacle", by Carl Jacobi ; "Winner Take All", by Ross Rocklynne ; "Paradise II", by Robert Sheckley ; "Phoenix", by Clark Ashton Smith ; "BAXBR/DAXBR", by Evelyn E. Smith [sep] Knowledge2: Time to Come: Time to Come is an anthology of science fiction and fantasy stories edited by American writer August Derleth.  It was first published by Farrar, Straus and Young in 1954.  The stories are all original to this anthology. ; Steven Johnson (author): After growing up in Washington, D.C., and graduating from St. Albans School in 1986, Johnson moved to New York City in 1990 and spent twenty-one years there, living in Morningside Heights, Manhattan, for seven years, then the West Village, where his first son was born.[2] Johnson writes that, on September 11, 2001, he and his wife "watched the Twin Towers fall from Greenwich Street on our son's first day home from the hospital. When our second son was on the way, we decamped for Brooklyn..."[2]
Knowledge1: Template is a Canadian science fiction novel by Matthew Hughes, published by PS Publishing. It follows the adventures of a professional duelist who is drawn into a murder mystery. The novel explores differences between various cultures.  Matthew Hughes has been called one of Canada's best science fiction writers and his novel Template has been considered to be one of his best novels. Another review noted that this novel is part detective story, part space opera and part investigation into the clash of cultures. [sep] Knowledge2: Wikipedia:Citation templates: Kramer, Martin (1999). "Bernard Lewis". In Boyd, Kelley (ed.). Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing. Vol. 1. London: Fitzroy Dearborn. pp. 719–720. ; Wikipedia:Citation templates: Kramer, Martin (1999), "Bernard Lewis", in Boyd, Kelley (ed.), Encyclopedia of Historians and Historical Writing, vol. 1, London: Fitzroy Dearborn, pp. 719–720
Knowledge1: American Dream, Global Nightmare is a book by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies (Icon Books, 2004). It presents the neoconservative ideology of Pax Americana as ten laws. [sep] Knowledge2: American Dream, Global Nightmare: American Dream, Global Nightmare is a book by Ziauddin Sardar and Merryl Wyn Davies (Icon Books, 2004).[1][2][3] It presents the neoconservative ideology of Pax Americana as ten laws.[3][4] ; American Dream, Global Nightmare: This article about a book on international relations of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  Patience is a play written and published in 1998 by Jason Sherman (Doollie.com). It is about Reuben, who one day loses everything. The play follows a path similar to David Mamet's play Edmond. It traces a psychological journey through Reuben's head while he tries to figure out how everything happened. The play was written at a time when the story would hit home for a lot of middle-aged, middle-class men. Patience (poem)  Patience (Middle English: "Pacience") is a Middle English alliterative poem written in the late 14th century. Its unknown author, designated the "Pearl Poet" or "Gawain-Poet", also appears, on the basis of dialect and stylistic evidence, to be the author of "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", "Pearl", and "Cleanness" (all ca. 1360–1395) and may have composed "St. Erkenwald". This is thought to be true because the techniques and vocabulary of regional dialect of the unknown author is that of Northwest Midlands, located between Shropshire and Lancashire.  The manuscript, Cotton Nero A.x is in the British Library. The first published edition was in "Early English Alliterative Poems in the West Midland Dialect of the fourteenth century", printed by the Early English Text Society. Of Patience, considered the slightest of the four poems, its only manifest source is the Vulgate Bible. It also resembles Latin poems by Tertullian and Bishop Marbod. There are certain mannerisms found in Patience that Pearl does not have. For instance, both homilies clearly follow the same pattern: 1. statement of theme, 2. announcement of the text from the New Testament, 3. discussion of another passage from the New Testament in elucidation of that text, 4. and elaborate paraphrase of "exemplum" or "exempla", from the Old Testament. [sep] Knowledge2: Patience Worth: Psychologists and skeptics who have studied Curran's writings are in agreement that Patience was a fictitious creation of Curran.[2][3][4][5][6][7][8]
Knowledge1: Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study is a book by the writer Idries Shah published by Octagon Press in 1977. A later edition was published in 2002. Shortly before he died, Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study can be read as part of a whole course of study.  Based on university lectures at the New School for Social Research, New York, and the University of California, San Francisco, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study deals with many of the problems of Sufic methods of study and those which militate against its effective progress in the modern world; notably the unrecognised assumptions which we make about ourselves and about learning and its process.  Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study was favourably received, the Books and Bookmen review commenting that; “It elaborates points found difficult in our culture because of sets of mind.” Asian Affairs wrote that it “contains serious warnings about the dangers of facile cult-formation”, while the Psychology Today review described the book as “an extraordinarily effective learning tool.”  is as successful as this one in provoking interest in Sufism for the general reader." Richard C. Munn, reviewing the book in the Journal of the American Oriental Society, concluded that "One cannot approach this book either in the role of scholar or in the role of seeker (nut), for the author has cleverly blocked both these 'postural' approaches, much in the same way, one suspects, as a Sufi shaikh would. If the Sufi essence is untranslatable into book form, it naturally remains so, but Idries Shah, by 'playing' with the reader, and 'scattering' his points of information, has perhaps given the reader an inkling of Sufi 'experience'." German orientalist Annemarie Schimmel commented that The Sufis, along with Shah's other books, "should be avoided by serious students". Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study  Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study is a book by the writer Idries Shah published by Octagon Press in 1977. A later edition was published in 2002.  Shortly before he died, Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such, "Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study" can be read as part of a whole course of study. [sep] Knowledge2: Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study: Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study is a book by the writer Idries Shah published by Octagon Press in 1977. A later edition was published in 2002.[1] ; Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study: Shortly before he died, Shah stated that his books form a complete course that could fulfil the function he had fulfilled while alive. As such, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study can be read as part of a whole course of study.[2] ; Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study: Based on university lectures at the New School for Social Research, New York, and the University of California, San Francisco, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study deals with many of the problems of Sufic methods of study and those which militate against its effective progress in the modern world; notably the unrecognised assumptions which we make about ourselves and about learning and its process. ; Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study: Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study was favourably received, the Books and Bookmen review commenting that; "It elaborates points found difficult in our culture because of sets of mind."[3] Asian Affairs wrote that it "contains serious warnings about the dangers of facile cult-formation",[4] while the Psychology Today review described the book as "an extraordinarily effective learning tool."[5] ; Idries Shah:  According to Wiccan Frederic Lamond, Bracelin's name was used because Shah "did not want to confuse his Sufi students by being seen to take an interest in another esoteric tradition."[12] Lamond said that Shah seemed to have become somewhat disillusioned with Gardner, and had told him one day, when he was visiting for tea:
Knowledge1: Smoke (Turgenev novel)  Smoke () is an 1867 novel by the Russian writer Ivan Turgenev (1818–1883) that tells the story of a love affair between a young Russian man and a young married Russian woman while also delivering the author's criticism of Russia and Russians of the period. The story takes place largely in the German resort town of Baden-Baden. [sep] Knowledge2: Smoke (Turgenev novel): The story then reverts to eight years previous to relate Potugin’s history with Irina. At that time he was still working as a government official and would visit the country estate of the Count Reisenbach, the guardian of the young Irina, near St. Petersburg. Later, Irina, realizing that the older Potugin had fallen in love with her, uses this leverage to seek a great favour of Potugin. Irina’s close friend Eliza Byelsky, an orphan but the heir of a wealthy estate, was facing ruin (though left unsaid in the novel, this is understood to be pregnancy out of wedlock). For a large sum of money, but primarily because Irina desired it, Potugin agreed to secretly marry Eliza. Eliza later had her child, a daughter whom Potugin then adopted, before poisoning herself. Since that time Potugin has followed in the train of the Ratmirovs, utterly devoted to Irina.
Knowledge1: The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno. It was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice. The Great Perhaps  The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno. It was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice. [sep] Knowledge2: The Great Perhaps: The Great Perhaps is the fifth novel by Joe Meno. It was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice. ; The Great Perhaps: This article about a 2000s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Great Perhaps: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Joe Meno: Nelson Algren Award, 2003 a prize for short fiction given by the Chicago Tribune. ; Joe Meno: The Great Perhaps was a winner of the Great Lakes Book Award for Fiction in 2009 and a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice.
Knowledge1: The Universe Around Us  The Universe Around Us is a science book written by English astrophysicist Sir James Jeans, first published in 1929 by the Syndics of the Cambridge University Press. [sep] Knowledge2: James Jeans: The Universe begins to look more like a great thought than like a great machine. Mind no longer appears to be an accidental intruder into the realm of matter... we ought rather hail it as the creator and governor of the realm of matter.; Isaac Asimov: There are three very simple English words: 'Has', 'him' and 'of'. Put them together like this—'has-him-of'—and say it in the ordinary fashion. Now leave out the two h's and say it again and you have Asimov.; Isaac Asimov: Asimov was born in Petrovichi, Russian SFSR,[17] on an unknown date between October 4, 1919, and January 2, 1920, inclusive. Asimov celebrated his birthday on January 2.[a] ; Isaac Asimov: In 1977, Asimov had a heart attack. In December 1983, he had triple bypass surgery at NYU Medical Center, during which he contracted HIV from a blood transfusion.[101] His HIV status was kept secret out of concern that the anti-AIDS prejudice might extend to his family members.[102] ; Isaac Asimov: [T]he only thing about myself that I consider to be severe enough to warrant psychoanalytic treatment is my compulsion to write ... That means that my idea of a pleasant time is to go up to my attic, sit at my electric typewriter (as I am doing right now), and bang away, watching the words take shape like magic before my eyes.
Knowledge1: Against All Odds is written by a first-time writer about Zambia's President Edgar Lungu and his path from an unassuming lawyer and minister to the president of one of the world's leading copper-producing countries.  Against the Odds is a science fiction novel by Elizabeth Moon. It is her seventh and last novel set in the Familias Regnant fictional universe. It does not fall in either informal trilogy (the Heris Serrano and the Esmay Suiza trilogies); fittingly it does not focus on any particular character, instead a more general, almost kaleidoscopic perspective of the upheaval in the Familias Regnant, and the rise to power of a new and more capable Speaker. It can be seen as a conclusion to the series, resolving or at least making a good start at resolving many issues and peoples and ending as it does on a memorializing elegiac note. [sep] Knowledge2: Against All Odds (novel): The novel peaked at No. 3 on the New York Times Best Sellers List.[1] ; Against All Odds (novel): Marilyn Gore of The Free Press Journal criticized the novel for its slow beginning and called the writing “phoned-in.” She also criticized the novel for its lack of character development, saying “These horrible partners — the deadbeat druggie manchild, the abusive future murderer and the cheat — come off as caricatures rather than rounded characters.”[3]
Knowledge1:  A self-published author discovers a transdimensional library that collects the lost works of great authors. [sep] Knowledge2: Branches (novel): Branches is a novel-in-verse by American author Mitch Cullin, with illustrations by the Japanese artist Ryuzo Kikushima. It is the second installment of the writer's Texas Trilogy that also includes the coming-of-age football novel Whompyjawed and the surrealistic novel Tideland. ; Branches (novel): In a 2000 interview with the Austin Chronicle, Cullin stated that his first novel Whompyjawed was a more accurate reflection of West Texas while Branches, he was quoted as saying, "is kind of, maybe to a fault, what other people who haven't really been there might think it's like."[1] ; Branches (novel): Branches was first published in March 2000 as a hardcover edition from Permanent Press. ; Branches (novel): This article about a 2000s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Branches (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  Brigitte Weeks of The Washington Post praised the novel and advised readers against trying to determine the accuracy of every name or event: "But analyzing the veracity of every incident will spoil the fun, and what makes this novel so entertaining is the riotous, multilayered portrait of a whole metropolis. Rutherfurd offers the reader a chance to watch a rural outcrop grow into one of the world's greatest cities in a mere 350 years. He delivers magnificently on the challenge; it is hard to imagine any other writer combining such astonishing depth of research with the imagination and ingenuity to hold it all together." New York won the Langum Prize for American Historical Fiction in 2010. [sep] Knowledge2: New York (novel): The novel chronicles the birth and growth of New York City, from the arrival of the first Dutch and other European colonists in the 17th century to the summer of 2009. Rutherford builds his novel on the histories of fictional families who live there. In New York, these families represent the successive waves of immigrants who have made the city multicultural. ; New York (novel): Rutherfurd breaks the narrative into sections by date, twenty-seven in all. Most dates comprise one chapter; a few dates continue through two or three chapters. A set of three well-drawn maps of Manhattan Island helps the reader follow the action as the city develops. A fourth map of the New York City region provides a larger geographical context. ; New York (novel): Brigitte Weeks of The Washington Post praised the novel and advised readers against trying to determine the accuracy of every name or event: ; New York (novel): New York won the Langum Prize for American Historical Fiction in 2010.[2]
Knowledge1:  Challenge was the tenth and final Bulldog Drummond novel written by H. C. McNeile. It was published in 1935 under McNeile's pen name Sapper. [sep] Knowledge2: Challenge (novel): Challenge was the tenth and final Bulldog Drummond novel written by H. C. McNeile. It was published in 1935 under McNeile's pen name Sapper.[1][2]
Knowledge1:  The first edition of the book was published in 1986 by W. W. Norton. A second edition of the book was published in 2001 by Springer with some corrections from von Foerster. [sep] Knowledge2: Dreams (Ivan Bunin): "Dreams" (Russian: Сны, romanized: Sny) is a novella by Nobel Prize-winning Russian author Ivan Bunin, written in the late 1903 and first published in the first book of the Znanie (Knowledge) Saint Petersburg literary almanach in 1904, where it was coupled with another short novella, "The Golden Bottom" (Золотое дно), under the common title "Black Earth" (Чернозём). "Dreams" is generally regarded as the turning point in Bunin's literary career, marking the radical turn towards social issues prior to which he had mostly avoided.[1] ; Dreams (Ivan Bunin): One of the story's harshest critics was Vladimir Korolenko who, writing for Russkoye Bogatstvo, described it as "a set of lightweight vignettes concerned mostly with pictures of nature, full of emotional laments for things of long forgotten past." Korolenko admitted that Bunin "has caught some smothered whispers about things of the old and things yet to come, of murky grey figures from the third class wagon's twilight," but added – "...its just that he couldn't find enough patience in him to lend his ear to what's been whispered, properly." Much as he respected Korolenko and his opinions, Bunin noted in his diary that the latter "misunderstood the essence of these two stories totally."[1]
Knowledge1: Bonaparte à Malte is a 2008 book by Maltese writer Frans Sammut, with an introduction by Dr Paul Borg Olivier. The Maltese original, Bonaparti f'Malta, was published in 1997. Citing contemporary documents from Malta's archives, it provides a detailed account of the six days Napoleon Bonaparte spent in Malta in 1798, as well as an analysis of the political situation under the Order of St John of Jerusalem and the political and cultural consequences of Bonaparte's conquest of Malta. In the words of fellow writer and former Prime Minister of Malta, Alfred Sant, Napoleon and his impact on Malta were "enduring subjects of [Sammut's] interests and [sep] Knowledge2: Frans Sammut: Serracino Inglott reacted thus to these words: "I realised then that sometimes tears and laughter are interchangeable."[11] ;  Napoleon I : After many victories over the European powers, Napoleon invaded Russia, a disastrous decision, as it led to a slow retreat. From then on, Napoleon's power began to weaken, and he was defeated at the Battle of Leipzig. Napoleon was then exiled to the island of Elba. Napoleon, however, did not give up very quickly and made a hasty return to France. After the "Hundred Days," Napoleon was finally defeated by the combined might of the Anglo-Allied forces at Waterloo and sent into exile again, this time to the deeply isolated island of Saint Helena, where he supposedly died of stomach cancer. ;  Napoleon I : This opened up for him both the route to Turin and to Milan. Napoleon lost no time; the Sardinians who were retiring upon Turin, were overtaken and beaten at Mondovi, and compelled to sue for peace; and the Austrians, who were falling back on Milan, were signally defeated at Lodi. On the 15th he entered Milan, where heavy contributions were levied on the state, and the principal works of art were seized and sent to Paris. The Kingdom of Naples hastened to conclude a peace; the Pope was compelled to sign an armistice; and the whole of northern Italy was in the hands of the French. Mantua was the next object of attack. Wurmser, at the head of large Austrian reinforcements, advanced through the Tyrol to its defense; he was defeated at Castiglione and again at Bassano, which compelled him to take refuge behind the walls of Mantua. Not yet disheartened, Austria sent a third army in two divisions under Marshal József Alvinczi and General Paul Davidovich.[1] ;  Napoleon I : This for a while held the French in check, but a battle was begun at Arcole, which, after three days of hard fighting, gave the victory again to the French, and decided the result of the campaign. In January 1797, Alvinczi opened a fresh campaign by advancing at the head of 50,000 troops from Roveredo to the relief of Mantua, but this last attempt was completely routed by Napoleon at Rivoli Veronese; and Wurmser was eventually compelled by famine to surrender at Mantua.[1] ;  Napoleon I : In December 1797, Napoleon returned to Paris. The enthusiasm of the Parisians was immense, and the festivals in his honor innumerable. About this time the Directory seems to have had the intention of invading England, and had brought an army together for that purpose. The command was conferred on Napoleon, who at first professed to favor the design, but who well knew its impracticability.[1]
Knowledge1:  Nice People was a 1921 Broadway four-act comedy written and staged by Rachel Crothers, produced by Samuel H. Harris and starring Tallulah Bankhead and Francine Larrimore. After working with Bankhead in 39 East, Crothers wrote Nice People expressly for her. The general manager was William G. Norton, the scenic was designed by Navon Bergman, and John Kirkpatrick was the stage manager. It ran for 120 performances from March 2, 1921 to June, 1921, at the Klaw Theatre. It was included in Burns Mantle's The Best Plays of 1920-1921. It was also Katharine Cornell's Broadway debut. It was adapted into the 1922 silent film Nice People, now believed to be lost. [sep] Knowledge2: Anton Chekhov: Chekhov renounced the theatre after the reception of The Seagull in 1896, but the play was revived to acclaim in 1898 by Konstantin Stanislavski's Moscow Art Theatre, which subsequently also produced Chekhov's Uncle Vanya and premiered his last two plays, Three Sisters and The Cherry Orchard. These four works present a challenge to the acting ensemble[e] as well as to audiences, because in place of conventional action Chekhov offers a "theatre of mood" and a "submerged life in the text".[f][12] The plays that Chekhov wrote were not complex, but easy to follow, and created a somewhat haunting atmosphere for the audience.[3] ; Anton Chekhov: In adulthood, Chekhov criticised his brother Alexander's treatment of his wife and children by reminding him of Pavel's tyranny: "Let me ask you to recall that it was despotism and lying that ruined your mother's youth. Despotism and lying so mutilated our childhood that it's sickening and frightening to think about it. Remember the horror and disgust we felt in those times when Father threw a tantrum at dinner over too much salt in the soup and called Mother a fool."[25][h] ; Anton Chekhov: In 1876, Chekhov's father was declared bankrupt after overextending his finances building a new house, having been cheated by a contractor named Mironov.[29] To avoid debtor's prison he fled to Moscow, where his two eldest sons, Alexander and Nikolai, were attending university. The family lived in poverty in Moscow. Chekhov's mother was physically and emotionally broken by the experience.[30] ; Anton Chekhov: In 1884, Chekhov qualified as a physician, which he considered his principal profession though he made little money from it and treated the poor free of charge.[41] ; Anton Chekhov: In autumn 1887, a theatre manager named Korsh commissioned Chekhov to write a play, the result being Ivanov, written in a fortnight and produced that November.[53] Though Chekhov found the experience "sickening" and painted a comic portrait of the chaotic production in a letter to his brother Alexander, the play was a hit and was praised, to Chekhov's bemusement, as a work of originality.[54]
Knowledge1: Falling (1994) (orig. Dutch Vallen) is a novel by the Flemish author Anne Provoost. Nominated for the Prix du Lecteur from Mans and Sarthe in France   Falling (ISBN: 0-330-36889-3) is a 1999 novel by British writer Elizabeth Jane Howard. It was later filmed as a drama for ITV. [sep] Knowledge2: Falling (Provoost novel): Falling (1994)[1] (orig. Dutch Vallen) is a novel by the Flemish author Anne Provoost. ; Falling (Provoost novel): This was Anne Provoost's second novel and quickly gained an international reputation. Among the awards it won were two for young people's literature, representing the area of speciality that the author has made her own. In this case it addresses the threat posed by the racist ideology of right-wing parties following the recent electoral successes of the Vlaams Blok after its shift to an aggressive policy on immigration. Anne Provoost was later to make the plea not to try to protect the young by shielding them from discussion of uncomfortable issues in her essay Hopelessness and consolation; growing up, willing or not (2000).[2] She has also perceived the additional threat to civil liberties by forms of right-wing religious fundamentalism and advised organising to resist this danger too.[3] ; Falling (Provoost novel): Anne Provoost's novels are invariably related from the point of view of a young person caught up in problems of adult making which they have difficulty comprehending. In this case, the teenage Lucas is taken on a long summer visit to his late grandfather’s home in the Ardennes by his mother. He has been brought up by her in ignorance of the fact that during World War II his grandfather had informed on the nuns in the local convent who were harbouring Jewish children. He is therefore at a loss to understand the conflicting attitudes he encounters in the town. He is particularly targeted by the political activist Benoit, for whom his grandfather was a hero, and persuaded to take reluctant part in a couple of right-wing actions against the Moroccan immigrants who have taken over a run-down quarter of the town. ; Falling (Provoost novel): In the meantime he has befriended the young American-born Caitlin, who dreams of becoming a dancer. She is in fact the daughter of one of the children betrayed by his grandfather, all of whom had survived Auschwitz. She also stands for liberal attitudes and as an outsider too is not tainted by the small-town narrow mindedness from which Lucas has to suffer. Just as he is preparing to commit himself to Caitlin and what she stands for, she is involved in a crash and Lucas is only able to rescue her from the burning car by sawing off her trapped foot. At first he is treated as a hero, but Benoit, fearing denunciation by Lucas, uses his position as a journalist to question his actions.[4] ; Falling (Provoost novel): The plot of the novel has three times been adapted for theatre: in Brussels (1997), Hamme (2003) and Amsterdam (2006). In addition it was made into an English-language feature film in 2001 by Hans Herbots.[5] Among the liberties taken with the text was the decision to move the scene of action, rather more credibly, to the south of France and the hint of a resolution through forgiveness not present in the novel.[6]
Knowledge1: Love All is the first novel by the journalist, writer and artist Molly Parkin.  The book was originally submitted as a 750-word outline to publishers Blond & Briggs. Although editorial staff disliked it, a secretary commented that she liked it, and it was picked up for publication. It was published in the UK in 1974 by Blond & Briggs, with reprints in 1997, 1979 (twice) and 1980 by Star.  Love All was reviewed by the Daily Telegraph which said that it was "written with the lightest of touches and a mirthful exhilarated sense of its own libidousness...quite the funniest novel I have read in a long while". Another review, in the Irish Times, in a reference to the sexual content of the book, called it "disgusting". [sep] Knowledge2: Love All Play (novel series): A manga adaptation with art by Dam Miyata was serialized online via Shueisha's Tonari no Young Jump website from April 8, 2022,[24] to October 28, 2022.[25] It was collected in three tankōbon volumes.
Knowledge1: The Hero with a Thousand Faces  The Hero with a Thousand Faces (first published in 1949) is a work of comparative mythology by Joseph Campbell, in which the author discusses his theory of the mythological structure of the journey of the archetypal hero found in world myths.   Since the publication of "The Hero with a Thousand Faces", Campbell's theory has been consciously applied by a wide variety of modern writers and artists. Filmmaker George Lucas acknowledged Campbell's theory in mythology, and its influence on the "Star Wars" films.  The Joseph Campbell Foundation and New World Library issued a new edition of "The Hero with a Thousand Faces" in July 2008 as part of the Collected Works of Joseph Campbell series of books, audio and video recordings. In 2011, "Time" named it among the 100 most influential books written in English since 1923. [sep] Knowledge2: The Hero with a Thousand Faces: Stanley Kubrick introduced Arthur C. Clarke to the book during the writing of 2001: A Space Odyssey.[8]
Knowledge1: The Sun Chemist  The Sun Chemist is a thriller by Lionel Davidson. [sep] Knowledge2: The Sun Chemist: The Sun Chemist is a thriller by Lionel Davidson. ; The Sun Chemist: Letters in the archive correspondence of Chaim Weizmann, first president of Israel, hint that, in his profession as a distinguished organic chemist, Weizmann had stumbled on a method for the cheap synthesis of petroleum.  Now, decades later, a world buffeted by oil shocks and perpetually rising prices would welcome such a chemical miracle.   But Weizmann's laboratory notebooks must be found first, and an unseen and powerful enemy will stop at nothing to keep them hidden. ; The Sun Chemist: This article about a thriller novel of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Sun Chemist: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.; Sun: The Sun does not have enough mass to explode as a supernova. Instead, when it runs out of hydrogen in the core in approximately 5 billion years, core hydrogen fusion will stop, and there will be nothing to prevent the core from contracting. The release of gravitational potential energy will cause the luminosity of the Sun to increase, ending the main sequence phase and leading the Sun to expand over the next billion years: first into a subgiant, and then into a red giant.[135][138][139] The heating due to gravitational contraction will also lead to expansion of the Sun and hydrogen fusion in a shell just outside the core, where unfused hydrogen remains, contributing to the increased luminosity, which will eventually reach more than 1,000 times its present luminosity.[135] When the Sun enters its red-giant branch (RGB) phase, it will engulf Mercury and (likely) Venus, reaching about 0.75 AU (110 million km; 70 million mi).[139][140] The Sun will spend around a billion years in the RGB and lose around a third of its mass.[139]
Knowledge1: Lotte's Gift is a play by David Williamson. It was written as a deliberate attempt by Williamson to try something in a different style and was written as a vehicle for guitarist Karin Schaupp.  Karin Schaupp approached Williamson in 2002 to write the project. She wanted to act in a production that combined drama with her musical skills. Williamson was enthusiastic and started asking Schaupp about her family history. When the guitarist told her about her grandmother Lotte, Williamson decided to structure the story around three generations of women in her family. The play premiered at the 2006 Noosa Festival as Strings Under Her Fingers. It was subsequently reworked as Lotte's Gift. [sep] Knowledge2: Lotte's Gift: Lotte's Gift is a play by David Williamson. It was written as a deliberate attempt by Williamson to try something in a different style and was written as a vehicle for guitarist Karin Schaupp.[1] ; Lotte's Gift: The play premiered at the 2006 Noosa Festival as Strings Under Her Fingers. It was subsequently reworked as Lotte's Gift.[3]
Knowledge1:  Ben Forsberg is an independent contractor who has buried himself in his work after the death of his wife. Everything changes when two government agents turn up on his door to question him for a murder involving a notorious assassin. [sep] Knowledge2: Collision (novel): Collision is a 2008 thriller novel by Jeff Abbott. The novel was also known as Run in the UK. ; Collision (novel): Ben Forsberg is an independent contractor who has buried himself in his work after the death of his wife. Everything changes when two government agents turn up on his door to question him for a murder involving a notorious assassin. ; Collision (novel): A Richmond Times reviewer said "the pacing...is top-rate" and that the book has "enough twists and turns...to make the reader dizzy".[1] ; Collision (novel): This article about a thriller novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Collision (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  "Always" is a science fiction short story by American writer Karen Joy Fowler. Originally published in Asimov's Science Fiction, it won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.  "Always" was first published in the April/May 2007 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction. It was then republished in several "best of" volumes collecting science fiction stories from that year such as Year's Best SF 13 and Science Fiction: The Best of the Year, 2008 Edition. Fowler later included the story in her collection What I Didn't See and Other Stories, which was first published in 2010 by Small Beer Press. [sep] Knowledge2: Always (short story): "Always" is a science fiction short story  by American writer Karen Joy Fowler. Originally published in Asimov's Science Fiction, it won the 2007 Nebula Award for Best Short Story.  ; Always (short story): "Always" is set in a commune led by Brother Porter in the city of Always, where inhabitants are immortal. His rules are that men and women must sleep in separate buildings, regardless of marital status, and that women must service him sexually. Men are expected to remain celibate. Inhabitants are not forbidden from visiting the outside world or enjoying its benefits, however a lack of interest is encouraged by Brother Porter. No concrete proof is given for the existence of the immortality and Brother Porter demands that his word be accepted on faith, as he also implies that it only works for believers.   ; Always (short story): The story is narrated by a young woman who arrives with her boyfriend as a teenager, but chooses to remain when he leaves because of his dissatisfaction over the commune rules. Always is occasionally visited by curious tourists, but this tapers off over time, to the consternation of Brother Porter. The narrator describes how Brother Porter evicts people for various reasons; two men are evicted for homosexuality while a married couple must leave because they are suspected to be journalists. As the woman spends more time in the commune her mind begins to dull due to the repetition and growing disinterest in the outside world.    ; Always (short story): Brother Porter is eventually murdered by one of the inhabitants, Frankie, who poisoned his Hawaiian Punch. She did not believe that it would kill him and she could use this as proof that she was more devout than the others. During the trial lawyers describe the commune as a mentally unstable cult and the narrator realizes that she is unable to determine whether she has been with the commune for about twenty years or less than five. Frankie is found not guilty by reason of insanity and two days later, another commune member murders four people; the courts sentence him to life in prison. The narrator later claims to have survived being shot in the heart due to immortality. The remaining members leave the commune or die off, leaving only the narrator behind. Her former boyfriend comes to take her away, however she chooses to remain in Always because she still believes in the immortality and is completely disinterested in the outside world.   ; Always (short story): "Always" was first published in the April/May 2007 issue of Asimov's Science Fiction. It was then republished in several "best of" volumes collecting science fiction stories from that year such as Year's Best SF 13 and Science Fiction: The Best of the Year, 2008 Edition.[1][2] Fowler later included the story in her collection What I Didn't See and Other Stories, which was first published in 2010 by Small Beer Press.[3]
Knowledge1: "On the Ultimate Justification of the Ethics of Private Property." Liberty, vol. 2, no. 1 (September 1988): 20–22. ; "Symposium: Breakthrough or Buncombe?" Liberty, vol. 2, no. 2 (November 1988): 44–54. ; Symposium proceedings featuring Murray N. Rothbard, D. Friedman, L. Yeager, D. Gordon and D. Rasmussen. ; "Socialism: A Property or Knowledge Problem?" Review of Austrian Economics, vol. 9 (March 1996): 143–149.. ; "Small is Beautiful and Efficient: The Case for Secession." Telos, vol. 107 (Spring 1996). ; "The Libertarian Case for Free Trade and Restricted Immigration." Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 13, no. 2 (Summer 1998). Center for Libertarian Studies. ; Reprinted by the Center for Immigration Studies (May 2001). ; "On Property and Exploitation," with Walter Block. International Journal of Value-Based Management, vol. 15 (2002): 225–236. ; "My Battle with the Thought Police." Mises Daily (12 April 2005). Ludwig von Mises Institute. [sep] Knowledge2:  The Economics and Ethics of Private Property : The Economics and Ethics of Private Property: Studies in political economy and Philosophy (1993; 2nd edition 2006) is a book about private property by economist Hans-Hermann Hoppe. ; Hans-Hermann Hoppe: Hoppe has written extensively in opposition to democracy, notably in his 2001 book Democracy: The God That Failed.[12][13][9] The book favors exclusionary "covenant communities" that are "founded for the purpose of protecting family and kin".[14][15] A section of the book favoring expulsions of democrats and homosexuals from society helped popularize Hoppe on the far-right.[12][16][17] ; Hans-Hermann Hoppe: Reviewing Democracy: The God That Failed, Walter Block, a colleague of Hoppe's at the Mises Institute, wrote that Hoppe's arguments shed light "on historical occurrences, from wars to poverty to inflation to interest rates to crime". While Hoppe concedes that 21st-century democracies are more prosperous than the monarchies of old, Hoppe argues that if nobles and kings replaced today's political leaders, their ability to take a long-term view of a country's well-being would "improve matters", Block wrote. Block shared what he called minor criticisms of Hoppe's theses regarding time preferences, immigration and the gap between libertarianism and conservatism.[39] ; Hans-Hermann Hoppe: Hoppe's belief in the right of property owners to establish communities that engage in racial discrimination, and his assertion that communities could establish exclusive criteria for admission and acceptance, have proven particularly divisive.[43][44] ; Hans-Hermann Hoppe: Hoppe also makes plain that he believes that practicing certain forms of discrimination, including the physical removal of people whose lifestyle is deemed incompatible with the purpose of establishing certain communities, is completely compatible with his system.
Knowledge1: The Every Boy  The Every Boy is the debut novel by American author and filmmaker Dana Adam Shapiro.  The author Dana Adam Shapiro produced and co-directed Murderball, the Academy Award nominated documentary about quadriplegic rugby players. He is a former senior editor at Spin and a contributor to The New York Times Magazine and other publications. With Plan B Entertainment, he is set to write and direct a movie based on "The Every Boy". [sep] Knowledge2: The Every Boy: The Every Boy  is the debut novel by American author and filmmaker Dana Adam Shapiro. ; The Every Boy: In this debut novel, a fifteen-year-old boy dies mysteriously, leaving behind a ledger filled with his darkly comic confessions. ; The Every Boy: This article about a 2000s novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; The Every Boy: See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Charles Dickens  Charles John Huffam Dickens (; 7 February 1812 – 9 June 1870) was an English writer and social critic. He created some of the world's best-known fictional characters and is regarded by many as the greatest novelist of the Victorian era. His works enjoyed unprecedented popularity during his lifetime and, by the 20th century, critics and scholars had recognised him as a literary genius. His novels and short stories are widely read today.  Born in Portsmouth, Dickens left school at the age of 12 to work in a boot-blacking factory when his father was incarcerated in a debtors' prison. After three years he returned to school, before he began his literary career as a journalist. Dickens edited a weekly journal for 20 years, wrote 15 novels, five novellas, hundreds of short stories and non-fiction articles, lectured and performed readings extensively, was an indefatigable letter writer, and campaigned vigorously for children's rights, for education, and for other social reforms.  Dickens's literary success began with the 1836 serial publication of "The Pickwick Papers", a publishing phenomenon—thanks largely to the introduction of the character Sam Weller in the fourth episode—that sparked "Pickwick" merchandise and spin-offs. Within a few years Dickens had become an international literary celebrity, famous for his humour, satire and keen observation of character and society. His novels, most of them published in monthly or weekly installments, pioneered the serial publication of narrative fiction, which became the dominant Victorian mode for novel publication. Cliffhanger endings in his serial publications kept readers in suspense. The instalment format allowed Dickens to evaluate his audience's reaction, and he often modified his plot and character development based on such feedback. His plots were carefully constructed and he often wove elements from topical events into his narratives. Masses of the illiterate poor would individually pay a halfpenny to have each new monthly episode read to them, opening up and inspiring a new class of readers.  His 1843 novella "A Christmas Carol" remains especially popular and continues to inspire adaptations in every artistic genre. "Oliver Twist" and "Great Expectations" are also frequently adapted and, like many of his novels, evoke images of early Victorian London. His 1859 novel "A Tale of Two Cities" (set in London and Paris) is his best-known work of historical fiction. The most famous celebrity of his era, he undertook, in response to public demand, a series of public reading tours in the later part of his career. [sep] Knowledge2: André Gide: Wilde took a key out of his pocket and showed me into a tiny apartment of two rooms...The youths followed him, each of them wrapped in a burnous that hid his face. Then the guide left us and Wilde sent me into the further room with little Mohammed and shut himself up in the other with the [other boy]. Every time since then that I have sought after pleasure, it is the memory of that night I have pursued...My joy was unbounded, and I cannot imagine it greater, even if love had been added. How should there have been any question of love? How should I have allowed desire to dispose of my heart? No scruple clouded my pleasure and no remorse followed it. But what name then am I to give the rapture I felt as I clasped in my naked arms that perfect little body, so wild, so ardent, so sombrely lascivious? For a long time after Mohammed had left me, I remained in a state of passionate jubilation, and though I had already achieved pleasure five times with him, I renewed my ecstasy again and again, and when I got back to my room in the hotel, I prolonged its echoes until morning.[48]
Knowledge1: Chaotic, part of the Women of the Otherworld series, is a novella written by Kelley Armstrong. It was published in an anthology of supernatural-themed novellas, called "Dates From Hell." This novella takes place between Haunted and Broken in the Women of the Otherworld series. Chaotic (novella)  Chaotic, part of the Women of the Otherworld series, is a novella written by Kelley Armstrong. It was published in an anthology of supernatural-themed novellas, called "Dates From Hell." This novella takes place between Haunted and Broken in the Women of the Otherworld series. [sep] Knowledge2: Chaotic: There are five tribes of creatures in Chaotic: OverWorld, UnderWorld, Danian, Mipedian and M'arrillian. The OverWorld is a tribe made of various humanoid creatures and creatures which resemble real animals. The UnderWorld is a tribe which consists of creatures which resemble various monsters. Danians are usually made to resemble ants but there are some creatures based on other insects found within the tribe. Mipedians are a tribe which is made of creatures who resemble various lizards. The M'arrillians are a tribe which resembles various deep sea creatures, some of which have a transparent appearance such as that found in a jellyfish. ; Chaos theory: Time series and first delay plots provide the best support for the claims made, showing a fairly clear march from periodicity to irregularity as the feeding times were increased. The various phase trajectory plots and spectral analyses, on the other hand, do not match up well enough with the other graphs or with the overall theory to lead inexorably to a chaotic diagnosis. For example, the phase trajectories do not show a definite progression towards greater and greater complexity (and away from periodicity); the process seems quite muddied. Also, where Metcalf and Allen saw periods of two and six in their spectral plots, there is room for alternative interpretations. All of this ambiguity necessitate some serpentine, post-hoc explanation to show that results fit a chaotic model.
Knowledge1: Works cited   Embrace (novel)  Embrace is a 2001 novel by South African author Mark Behr.  "Embrace" is the story of the sexual awakening of Karl De Man, a 13-year-old pupil at the Berg, an exclusive boys' school in South Africa in the 1970s. Karl's time at school is interwoven with descriptions of his time at home with his loving, but traditional, family.  Karl is punished after joining in casual sexual games in the dormitory, Karl falls in love. He simultaneously has an affair with his best friend, Dominic, whose liberal parents know he is gay, and his choirmaster, Jacques Cilliers. [sep] Knowledge2: Embrace (novel): Embrace is a 2001 novel by South African author Mark Behr.[1][2] ; Embrace (novel): Embrace is the story of the sexual awakening of Karl De Man, a 13-year-old pupil at the Berg, an exclusive boys' school in South Africa in the 1970s. Karl's time at school is interwoven with descriptions of his time at home with his loving, but traditional, family. ; Embrace (novel): Karl is punished after joining in casual sexual games in the dormitory, Karl falls in love. He simultaneously has an affair with his best friend, Dominic, whose liberal parents know he is gay, and his choirmaster, Jacques Cilliers. ; Embrace (novel): This article about a South African novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Embrace (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  Prior to the events of this novel, the world had become overpopulated due invention of a drug that lets people live forever. A "Declaration" is created which people who take the drug, named Longevity, must sign. By signing they give up the right to have children, though some powerful people are given exceptions. Those who take the drug and still have children are called the "Surplus". The book opens as Peter is pretending to live life as a legal by working for his grandfather, Richard Pincent, at Pincent Pharma. In reality he is attempting to help the underground, coordinating with Pip, the [sep] Knowledge2: Resistance (Sheers novel): Resistance is a 2007 alternative history novel by Welsh poet and author Owen Sheers. The plot centers on the inhabitants of a valley near Abergavenny in Wales in 1944–45, shortly after the failure of Operation Overlord and a successful German counterinvasion of Great Britain. A group of German Wehrmacht soldiers stay there after men leave to serve in the covert British Resistance. The novel follows abandoned farmer's wife Sarah Lewis and German commanding officer Albrecht Wolfram, as they form an unlikely relationship in spite of their backgrounds and political standings.
Knowledge1:  Early attempts of adapting Into the Woods to film occurred in the early 1990s, with a script written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel. A reading was held with a cast that included Robin Williams as the Baker, Goldie Hawn as the Baker's Wife, Cher as the Witch, Danny DeVito as the Giant, Steve Martin as the Wolf, and Roseanne as Jack's Mother. By 1991, Columbia Pictures and Jim Henson Productions were also developing a film adaptation with Craig Zadan as producer and Rob Minkoff as director. In 1997, Columbia put the film into turnaround, with Minkoff still attached as director, and Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan, and Susan Sarandon reportedly in talks to star. After the report by Variety, a film adaptation of Into the Woods remained inactive for 15 years. 1992, London: Macmillan ISBN: 0-333-58373-6, pub. date 9 October 1992, hardback   Into the Woods is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim, and a book by James Lapine. The musical intertwines the plots of several Brothers Grimm fairy tales, exploring the consequences of the characters' wishes and quests. The main characters are taken from "Little Red Riding Hood" (spelled "ridinghood" in the script), "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Rapunzel", and "Cinderella", as well as several others. The musical is tied together by a story involving a childless baker and his wife and their quest to begin a family (the original beginning of the Grimm Brothers' "Rapunzel"), their interaction with a witch who has placed a curse on them, and their interaction with other storybook characters during their journey. The musical debuted in San Diego  Into the Woods  Into the Woods is a 1987 musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and book by James Lapine.  The musical intertwines the plots of several Brothers Grimm fairy tales, exploring the consequences of the characters' wishes and quests. The main characters are taken from "Little Red Riding Hood" (spelled "Ridinghood" in the published vocal score), "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Rapunzel", and "Cinderella", as well as several others. The musical is tied together by a story involving a childless baker and his wife and their quest to begin a family (the original beginning of the Grimm Brothers' "Rapunzel"), their interaction with a witch who has placed a curse on them, and their interaction with other storybook characters during their journey.  The musical debuted in San Diego at the Old Globe Theatre in 1986 and premiered on Broadway on November 5, 1987, where it won three major Tony Awards (Best Score, Best Book, and Best Actress in a Musical for Joanna Gleason), in a year dominated by "The Phantom of the Opera" (1988). The musical has since been produced many times, with a 1988 US national tour, a 1990 West End production, a 1997 tenth anniversary concert, a 2002 Broadway revival, a 2010 London revival, and in 2012 as part of New York City's outdoor Shakespeare in the Park series.  A Disney film adaptation, directed by Rob Marshall, was released in 2014. The film grossed over $213 million worldwide, and received three nominations at both the Academy Awards and the Golden Globe Awards.  A second Broadway revival began performances on June 28, 2022 at the St. James Theatre. The same production will start touring the US in February 2023. Into the Woods (disambiguation)  Into the Woods is a musical production written by Stephen Sondheim and James Lapine.  Into the Woods may also refer to: [sep] Knowledge2: Into the Woods: Into the Woods is a 1987 musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim and book by James Lapine. ; Into the Woods: The musical intertwines the plots of several Brothers Grimm fairy tales, exploring the consequences of the characters' wishes and quests. The main characters are taken from "Little Red Riding Hood" (spelled "Ridinghood" in the published vocal score), "Jack and the Beanstalk", "Rapunzel", "Cinderella", and several others. The musical is tied together by a story involving a childless baker and his wife and their quest to begin a family (the original beginning of the Grimm Brothers' "Rapunzel"), their interaction with a witch who has placed a curse on them, and their interaction with other storybook characters during their journey. ; Into the Woods: The second collaboration between Sondheim and Lapine after Sunday in the Park with George (1984), Into the Woods debuted in San Diego at the Old Globe Theatre in 1986 and premiered on Broadway on November 5, 1987, where it won three major Tony Awards (Best Score, Best Book, and Best Actress in a Musical for Joanna Gleason), in a year dominated by The Phantom of the Opera. The musical has since been produced many times, with a 1988 U.S. national tour, a 1990 West End production, a 1997 10th-anniversary concert, a 2002 Broadway revival, a 2010 London revival,[1] and a 2012 outdoor Shakespeare in the Park production in New York City. ; Into the Woods: A second Broadway revival began performances on June 28, 2022, at the St. James Theatre, and opened on July 10. The production closed on January 8, 2023, and began touring the U.S. on February 18 of the same year. ; Into the Woods: The narrator introduces four groups of characters: Cinderella, who wishes to attend the king's festival; Jack, who wishes his cow, Milky White, would give milk; a baker and his wife, who wish to have a child; and Little Red Ridinghood,[3] who wishes for bread that she can bring to her grandmother.
Knowledge1: Pearl (poem)  Pearl () is a late 14th-century Middle English poem that is considered one of the most important surviving Middle English works. With elements of medieval allegory and dream vision genre, the poem is written in a North-West Midlands variety of Middle English and highly—though not consistently—alliterative; there is a complex system of stanza linking and other stylistic features.  A father, mourning the loss of his (pearl), falls asleep in a garden; in his dream, he encounters the 'Pearl-maiden'—a beautiful and heavenly woman—standing across a stream in a strange landscape. In response to his questioning and attempts to obtain her, she answers with Christian doctrine. Eventually she shows him an image of the Heavenly City, and herself as part of the retinue of Christ the Lamb. However, when the Dreamer attempts to cross the stream, he awakens suddenly from his dream and reflects on its significance.  The poem survives in a single manuscript, London, British Library MS Cotton Nero A.x, which includes two other religious narrative poems: "Patience", and "Cleanness", and the romance "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight". All are thought to be by the same author, dubbed the "Pearl poet" or "Gawain poet", on the evidence of stylistic and thematic similarities. [sep] Knowledge2: Pearl S. Buck: Several historic sites work to preserve and display artifacts from Pearl's profoundly multicultural life:
Knowledge1:  "It's Just a Matter of Time" is a popular song written by Brook Benton, Clyde Otis, and Belford Hendricks. The original recording by Benton topped the Billboard Hot R&B Sides chart in 1959 and peaked at No. 3 on the Hot 100 pop chart, the first in a string of hits for Benton that ran through 1970. The song later found a second life as a country song, with major hit recordings by three different country music performers during the 1970s and 1980s, two of which hit number one. [sep] Knowledge2: A Matter of Time (Cook novel): However, the vengeful Neulist does appear eventually and gets on his tracks. In 1942, it is the nefarious Neulist who manipulates the Nazi occupiers to destroy Lidice, causing one of the most notorious atrocities of World War II to be perpetrated just in order that his hated rival be among the victims. After the war, Neulist goes to America to settle accounts with the other two Zumstegs. He eventually gets on the trace in St. Louis, and is behind some of the sinister events which perplexed Sergeant Cash. When Fiala Groloch flees to Rochester, Neulist is also in hot pursuit of her.
Knowledge1: Fruits: A Caribbean Counting Poem (ISBN: 0805051716) is a children's picture book written by Valerie Bloom and illustrated by David Axtell. In 1997 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award. [sep] Knowledge2: Fruits (book): Fruits: A Caribbean Counting Poem (ISBN 0805051716) is a children's picture book written by Valerie Bloom and illustrated by David Axtell. In 1997 it won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Bronze Award.[1] ; Fruits (book): Kirkus Reviews found that "Although authentic to the Patwa language, the pronunciations and cadences can, for unpracticed readers, result in a halting tempo rather than the intended rhythmic lilt."[2] while Publishers Weekly saw that "Readers may need guidance deciphering some of the words" and "First-time illustrator Axtell gives ... evocation of the poem's lush tropical setting and brightly painted buildings offers a lively backdrop for Bloom's bouncy poem."[3]  The BookTrust called it "A sumptuous book, with rich, vibrant and distinctive  illustrations."[4] ; Fruits (book): This article about a picture book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Fruits Basket: Tohru tries to stop him, and—accidentally falling into him—causes him to transform into a cat in front of her, discovering the Sohma family curse; that twelve members of the family, excluding Kyo, are possessed by the spirits of the Chinese zodiac (十二支, Jūnishi), and turn into their zodiac animal when they are weak, under stress, embarrassed, or when hugged by someone of the opposite gender. Kyo is possessed by the cat who was excluded from the zodiac, and is cursed to be similarly bullied and abused by the clan.
Knowledge1: Shift is a 2010 alternative history book by Tim Kring and Dale Peck and is the first book in the Gates of Orpheus trilogy, originally titled as the Flag of Orpheus trilogy. The book was released on August 10, 2010 in the United States by Crown Publishing and centers around a series of secretive government experiments with LSD and its repercussions. Kring has stated that he first began work on the novel after the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and intended to make use of multiple forms of media to promote the novel and further its storyline.  Critical reception for Shift has been mixed with Booklist praising the book while Publishers Weekly panned it. The A.V. Club gave the book a C-, calling it a "bumpy ride". [sep] Knowledge2: Shift (novel): Shift is a 2010 alternative history book by Tim Kring and Dale Peck and is the first book in the Gates of Orpheus trilogy, originally titled as the Flag of Orpheus trilogy.[2] The book was released on August 10, 2010 in the United States by Crown Publishing and centers around a series of secretive government experiments with LSD and its repercussions.[3][4] Kring has stated that he first began work on the novel after the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike and intended to make use of multiple forms of media to promote the novel and further its storyline.[5][6] ; Shift (novel): Shift is narrated through the viewpoints of multiple different characters during the 1960s, predominantly that of Chandler Forrestal. Chandler is drawn into a web of sex and deception after picking up the beautiful Naz Haverman. She gives him LSD without him being aware of it, setting him off on a series of visions and enabling him to see inside Naz's mind. The experience leaves both him and Naz shaken and eventually the two attempt to avoid capture by the CIA, only for them to track them down. Once captured, Chandler is subjected to a series of experiments.[7] ; Shift (novel): Critical reception for Shift has been mixed with Booklist praising the book while Publishers Weekly panned it.[8][9] The A.V. Club gave the book a C−, calling it a "bumpy ride".[10] ; Jonathan Swift: Before the fall of the Tory government, Swift hoped that his services would be rewarded with a church appointment in England. However, Queen Anne appeared to have taken a dislike to Swift and thwarted these efforts. Her dislike has been attributed to A Tale of a Tub, which she thought blasphemous, compounded by The Windsor Prophecy, where Swift, with a surprising lack of tact, advised the Queen on which of her bedchamber ladies she should and should not trust.[31] The best position his friends could secure for him was the Deanery of St Patrick's;[32] this was not in the Queen's gift, and Anne, who could be a bitter enemy, made it clear that Swift would not have received the preferment if she could have prevented it.[33] With the return of the Whigs, Swift's best move was to leave England and he returned to Ireland in disappointment, a virtual exile, to live "like a rat in a hole".[34] ; Jonathan Swift: "Definite symptoms of madness appeared in 1738. In 1741, guardians were appointed to take care of his affairs and watch lest in his outbursts of violence he should do himself harm. In 1742, he suffered great pain from the inflammation of his left eye, which swelled to the size of an egg; five attendants had to restrain him from tearing out his eye. He went a whole year without uttering a word."[40]
Knowledge1: Federation (novel)  Federation (1994) is a science fiction novel written by Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens. It is a tie-together chronicle that brings the original "Enterprise" adventures of James T. Kirk close to an encounter with the "Enterprise-D" adventures of Jean-Luc Picard. [sep] Knowledge2: Federation (novel): The events of the story were  non-canonical, and conflict with what was established about Zefram Cochrane, his first warp flight, and first contact with the Vulcans, in the 1996 film Star Trek: First Contact. ; Federation (novel): The book appeared on the New York Times best seller list.[3]
Knowledge1: Therapy is a psychological thriller and the debut novel by novelist Sebastian Fitzek published in 2006. The novel has already sold eight million copies worldwide. In addition, the novel held the number one spot on the German magazine Spiegel's bestseller list for several weeks.  Therapy (1995) is a novel by British author David Lodge. The story concerns a successful sitcom writer, Laurence Passmore, plagued by middle-age neuroses and a failed marriage. His only problem seems to be an "internal derangement of the knee" but a mid-life crisis has struck and he is discovering angst. His familiar doses of cognitive therapy, aromatherapy, and acupuncture all offer no help, and he becomes obsessed with the philosophy of Kierkegaard. Moreover, Tubby, as Passmore is nicknamed, and referred to by several characters in the novel, undertakes a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela in order to find his first love. Therapy (Lodge novel)  Therapy (1995) is a novel by British author David Lodge.  The story concerns a successful sitcom writer, Laurence Passmore, plagued by middle-age neuroses and a failed marriage. His only problem seems to be an "internal derangement of the knee" but a mid-life crisis has struck and he is discovering angst. His familiar doses of cognitive therapy, aromatherapy, and acupuncture all offer no help, and he becomes obsessed with the philosophy of Kierkegaard. Moreover, Tubby, as Passmore is nicknamed, and referred to by several characters in the novel, undertakes a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela in order to find his first love. [sep] Knowledge2: Therapy (Fitzek novel): Larenz scents a new trail, as Anna's tales coincide with events from the time around Josy's disappearance. He's pressuring her to finish Charlotte's story: Anna makes clear to him  that Charlotte's been poisoned. During one of her schizophrenic phases, Charlotte appeared to her and begged her to run away with her from her mother Isabell. She had poisoned Charlotte to satisfy her maternal instinct and to prevent her daughter from growing up. To hide her from her mother, Anna tried to stifle the girl's cries, but killed her in the process. ; Therapy (Fitzek novel): It is reminiscent of the urban legend the Vanishing Hotel Room (also known as The Vanishing Lady) in which a daughter leaves her mother alone in a hotel room after her mother falls ill during an international exposition in Paris, and when the daughter returns, her mother is gone and the hotel staff claim to have no knowledge of the missing woman. ; Therapy (Lodge novel): Therapy is a 1995 British novel by David Lodge.[1] ; Therapy (Lodge novel): The story concerns a successful sitcom writer, Laurence Passmore, plagued by middle-age neuroses and a failed marriage. His only problem seems to be an "internal derangement of the knee" but a mid-life crisis has struck and he is discovering angst. His familiar doses of cognitive therapy, aromatherapy, and acupuncture all offer no help, and he becomes obsessed with the philosophy of Kierkegaard.[2] Moreover, Tubby, as Passmore is nicknamed, and referred to by several characters in the novel, undertakes a pilgrimage to Santiago de Compostela in order to find his first love. ; Therapy (Lodge novel): The novel is divided into four parts. The first part is written as a journal, the second part is written in dramatic monologues, the third part consists of journal entries and a memoir and the fourth part is a narrative written after the events happened and Tubby has returned to London.
Knowledge1: Gowie Corby Plays Chicken (ISBN: 9780571114054) is a children's novel by Gene Kemp, set at the fictional Cricklepit Combined primary school in southern England. It was published in 1979.  The central character is Gowie Corby, a young boy with an absent father, an alcoholic mother and an obsession with horror films. He is highly intelligent but shows little interest in school and exhibits a range of anti-social behaviour. His life changes when an African-American girl, Rosie Lee, comes to live next door and provides him with a positive role-model. He begins to take interest in school and his behaviour improves with the encouragement of a sympathetic teacher. His progress is threatened however, by the intervention of his older brother, who has a record of petty crime and displays racist attitudes towards Rosie and her family. The main plot is framed by two short chapters which present Gowie as an adult with a young family, the latter chapter providing a twist ending. [sep] Knowledge2: Gowie Corby Plays Chicken: "Gowie Corby Plays Chicken" (ISBN 9780571114054) is a children's novel by Gene Kemp, set at the fictional Crickplepit Combined primary school in England. It was published in 1979.Gowie hates school. He bullies Heather and makes an enemy of the football team. What is Gowie hiding? Who will save Gowie from himself?; Gowie Corby Plays Chicken: Gowie hates school. He bullies Heather and makes an enemy of the football team. What is Gowie hiding? Who will save Gowie from himself?; Gowie Corby Plays Chicken: Gowie hates school. He bullies Heather and makes an enemy of the football team. What is Gowie hiding? Who will save Gowie from himself?; Gowie Corby Plays Chicken:  Wikimedia Foundation.    2010. ; Gowie Corby Plays Chicken: Gene Kemp — (born December 27, 1926) is a British author best known for her children s books.She grew up in Staffordshire, and her first job was teaching.From 1972 she wrote stories for young writers about a pig named Tamworth, named after the town she grew… …   Wikipedia
Knowledge1: Opus is a 2006 play written by Michael Hollinger.  Opus is a Japanese seinen manga series written and illustrated by Satoshi Kon. The story is about a manga artist who is pulled into the world of the manga he is concluding and forced to confront his characters. The manga was serialized in the manga magazine Comic Guys from October 1995 until the magazine's cancellation in June 1996. It was collected into two volumes by Tokuma Shoten on December 13, 2010 and included a missing ending found after Kon's death. Dark Horse Comics licensed the manga in North America and released it in an omnibus edition on December 9, 2014. The French edition of the manga won the 2013 Asia Critics Prize from the Association des Critiques et des journalistes de Bande Dessinée and was nominated for the Sélection Officiele at the 2014 Angoulême International Comics Festival. Opus was Kon's final manga before he debuted in the anime industry with Perfect Blue.  The play made its New York debut at the 59E59 Theaters as part of the Primary Stages season on October 7, 2007, with David Beach, Mahira Kakkar, Michael Laurence, Douglas Rees and Richard Topol. It was adapted as a radio drama performed in May 2012 by L.A. Theatre Works with Kevin Chamberlin, Jere Burns, Steven Culp and Liza Weil, which was released in September 2012. [sep] Knowledge2: Opus (manga): MangaBlog's Brigid Alverson found the action hard to follow which pulled her out of the story, while Katherine Dacey said that she "normally find[s] these kind of meta-exercises tedious, but Kon infuses the story with a sense of playful urgency that thwarts the urge to deconstruct every page."[16] The Fandom Post complimented Kon's use of metafiction as part of a story "rife with questions of existentialism and predestination".[17] Paul Gravett listed it number one on his top ten manga of 2014 and called Opus a "mind-blowing meta-manga" that is "overflowing with ideas and imagination", adding that it shares much in common with Kon's films and would have made a good anime adaption.[18] The Comics Journal said that the plot is "as 'Satoshi Kon' a scenario as can possibly be imagined" and noted the goal of the title in "reaching for the stars".[19]
Knowledge1:  Tuula Kallioniemi (born 22 March 1951 in Kymi) is an author of Finnish children's literature. She was awarded the Topelius Prize in 1979, the State's Prize for Literature in 1985 and the Anni Swan Medal in 1994. She wrote the Reuhurinteen ala-aste series, the first book of which was published in 1997. The books are about lives of the pupils and teacher Aapeli Käki in a fictional elementary school in Finland. Her other works include Lätkässä (1990), Rääväsuu rakastuu (1991) and Ihmemies Topi (1998). [sep] Knowledge2: Aaro Hellaakoski: Hellaakosken runoja ovat säveltäneet muiden muassa Pekka Kostiainen, Tauno Marttinen, Einojuhani Rautavaara, Kari Rydman, Esa Pethman, Richard Järnefelt, Ilkka (Petri) Pettersson, Heikki Sarmanto, Alex Freeman, ja 500 kg lihaa.[7]
Knowledge1:  Prime Time is a BBC Books original novel written by Mike Tucker and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. It features the Seventh Doctor and Ace.  Detecting a mysterious sub-space signal in the Time Vortex, the Doctor and Ace land on the planet 'Blinni Gaar'. They soon discover that the native population are little more than zombies, addicted to the programmes of the dangerously powerful Channel 400. As the Doctor investigates, he finds that the television company has a sinister agenda that has nothing to do with entertainment. [sep] Knowledge2: Prime time (disambiguation): Prime Time may also refer to:
Knowledge1: Trust Territory is a science fiction novel by American writers Chris Morris and Janet Morris, published in 1992. It is the second book of the Threshold trilogy. Trust Territory (novel)  Trust Territory is a science fiction novel by American writers Chris Morris and Janet Morris, published in 1992. It is the second book of the Threshold trilogy. [sep] Knowledge2: Trust Territory (novel): Trust Territory is a science fiction novel by American writers Chris Morris and Janet Morris, published in 1992. It is the second book of the Threshold trilogy. ; Trust Territory (novel): This article about a 1990s science fiction novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Trust Territory (novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1: Balance of Power is a novel by Brian Stableford published in 1979.  Dave Pringle reviewed Balance of Power for Imagine magazine, and stated that "this is a fairly humdrum example of Stableford's work. There is too much jungle-adventure and piracy-on-the-high-seas stuff in this book for it to succeed as SF." Review by Mary Gentle (1984) in Interzone, #8 Summer 1984   Balance of Power is a novel in which the planetfalls of the 'recontact' ship Daedalus continue. Balance of Power (Star Trek)  Balance of Power is a "" novel by Dafydd Ab Hugh. [sep] Knowledge2: Balance of power (international relations): In self-contradiction, Peffer ended the article recommending for the postwar period a preponderance of power of offensive kind backed by total national effort: The United States will need "a larger permanent military establishment," alliances with other powers having common interests and an alliance with Great Britain that would be not only defensive but also "outright, unconditional offensive." It means full-scale power politics and to it "must be accommodated and sometimes subordinated everything else in the nation’s life."[98] ; Balance of Power (Star Trek): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  RTÉ.ie described the book as an "absorbing thriller" that is "a fast, furious and fun read". Oline Cogdill of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel said that Abbott takes the novel "just to the boundaries of disbelief", but still manages to make it "credible" and "still a shocker". [sep] Knowledge2: Panic (novel): This article about a thriller novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1:  The book collects twelve short works of fiction by the author. [sep] Knowledge2: Cally Taylor: The Lie, ranked at number 5 in the Sunday Times Bestseller charts in the first full week of publication[6] and remained in the top 20 for five weeks. It also hit the number one spots on Amazon.co.uk Kindle, Kobo, Google Books, iBooks and Sainsbury ebooks and took the number 2 spot below The Girl On The Train[7] in The Bookseller Official E-Book Sales Ranking for May 2015.[8] The Lie was shortlisted for two Dead Good Books Reader Awards in 2015: Most Recommended Read[9] and Most Exotic Location.[10] The Lie has been optioned for TV by The Forge.[11]
Knowledge1:  of a decentralized, localized society, which applies a practical, scientific approach and behavioral expertise to deal peacefully with social problems. (For example, his views led him to oppose corporal punishment in schools, and he wrote a letter to the California Senate that helped lead it to a ban on spanking. ) Skinner's utopia is both a thought experiment and a rhetorical piece. In Walden Two, Skinner answers the problem that exists in many utopian novels – "What is the Good Life?" The book's answer is a life of friendship, health, art, a healthy balance between work and leisure, a minimum of unpleasantness, and a feeling that one has made [sep] Knowledge2: B. F. Skinner: Both of these sorts of behavior had already been studied experimentally, most notably: respondents, by Ivan Pavlov;[26] and operants, by Edward Thorndike.[27] Skinner's account differed in some ways from earlier ones,[28] and was one of the first accounts to bring them under one roof. ; B. F. Skinner: Skinner's answer to the first question was very much like Darwin's answer to the question of the origin of a 'new' bodily structure, namely, variation and selection. Similarly, the behavior of an individual varies from moment to moment; a variation that is followed by reinforcement is strengthened and becomes prominent in that individual's behavioral repertoire. Shaping was Skinner's term for the gradual modification of behavior by the reinforcement of desired variations. Skinner believed that 'superstitious' behavior can arise when a response happens to be followed by reinforcement to which it is actually unrelated.[clarification needed] ; B. F. Skinner: Skinner suggests that any age-appropriate skill can be taught. The steps are
Knowledge1: Louise Epstein Dina "Louise" Epstein, (born 16 July 1965 in Malmö) is a Swedish journalist and author. Louise Epstein has studied literary science and history of ideas at Lunds university. She also studied to become a radio producer at Dramatiska Institutet. Epstein is the author of two novels, "En trollkarl vittnar inte" (1992) and "Sju dagar i augusti" (1994) both released by the publisher Brombergs. She works at Sveriges Radios culture department and is every year one of the first to comment the announcement of that years Nobel prize winner in Literature. Since Januari 2011 and along with Thomas Nordegren, [sep] Knowledge2: Visst katten har djuren själ!: This book was created in the same way as Vi är inte ensamma, a book about guardian angels. Sandemo asked readers of the Norwegian weekly magazine Hjemmet and the Swedish Hemmets Journal if they believed that animals have souls. She received over 1500 letters from magazine readers, without a single negative answer among them. These answers were used as the primary material of the book. Visst katten har djuren själ consists of several humorous short stories and photographs chiefly about pets, as well as wild animals. The stories quote from reader responses, and the book contains very little text by the author herself—primarily the foreword, the afterword and a few casual comments.
Knowledge1: "Let's Not" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in Boston University Graduate Journal in December 1954. It was written for no payment as a favor to the journal, and later appeared in the 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.  The book reached number six on The New York Times Hardcover Nonfiction best-sellers list. [sep] Knowledge2: Kazuo Ishiguro: He gained British citizenship in 1983.[16]
Knowledge1: Pursuit (2003) is a science fiction novel by authors Andy Mangels and Michael A. Martin which conclude the events of the television series Roswell. The series had ended in somewhat of a cliffhanger, with the main characters on the run from an evil subunit of the FBI. Pursuit and Turnabout conclude this story arc, although there are other plot elements that remain a possibility for future narratives. [sep] Knowledge2: Pursuit (Mangels and Martin novel): Pursuit (2003) is a science fiction novel by authors Andy Mangels and Michael A. Martin which conclude the events of the television series Roswell. The series had ended in somewhat of a cliffhanger, with the main characters on the run from an evil subunit of the FBI. Pursuit and Turnabout conclude this story arc, although there are other plot elements that remain a possibility for future narratives.
Knowledge1: Barney Miller: Vocals ; Glen Wisbey: Keyboards & Programming ; Matthew Davies: Guitars ; Emma Spiers: Backing Vocals on Safe [sep] Knowledge2: File:Incoming.jpg: Afrikaans | Alemannisch | العربية | বাংলা | brezhoneg | català | Cymraeg | dansk | Deutsch | English | español | eesti | suomi | français | Frysk | Gaeilge | galego | magyar | Ido | italiano | 日本語 | 한국어 | Lëtzebuergesch | മലയാളം | norsk bokmål | नेपाली | Nederlands | norsk nynorsk | norsk | português | română | русский | sicilianu | slovenščina | shqip | српски / srpski | svenska | ไทย | Tagalog | українська | +/−
Knowledge1: Conan, Lord of the Black River is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1996. The story was adapted by Roy Thomas, John Buscema and Tony de Zuniga in Savage Sword of Conan #26 and #27. ; The story was also the basis for the GURPS: Conan adventure module "Beyond Thunder River". ; The Sword, on their album Gods of the Earth, based the song "The Black River" on this story.   After successfully fulfilling his commission to overthrow a tyrannical baron in Koth, Conan travels into Baalur, a city-state in Shem. The queen of Baalur, Rufia, needs his aid. Baalur is suffering from a plague cast upon it by Zeriti, an old enemy of his previously believed dead. Zeriti seeks to settle a score dating from Conan's previous encounter with the two women, told in the story "Hawks Over Shem", and her curse is transforming Rufia's subjects into hideous zombies. With an army of Baalurian soldiers, Conan begins his journey to retrieve a white lotus, the primary antidote for removing Zeriti's cruse, said to only bloom near the source of the Styx, the infamous black river. His army marches across the city-state  Conan, Lord of the Black River  Conan, Lord of the Black River is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter, featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1996. [sep] Knowledge2: Robert E. Howard: It was also during this trip that Howard first conceived of the character of Conan.  Later, in 1935, Howard claimed in a letter to Clark Ashton Smith that Conan "simply grew up in my mind a few years ago when I was stopping in a little border town on the lower Rio Grande."  However, the character actually took nine months to develop.[89][91][92] ; Robert E. Howard: Howard had originally used the name "Conan" for a Gael reaver in a past-life-themed story he completed in October 1931, which was published in the magazine Strange Tales in June 1932.  Although the character swears by the god "Crom", that is his only link to the more famous successor character.[93] ; Robert E. Howard: In late 1933 Howard returned to Conan, starting again slightly awkwardly with "The Devil in Iron".[109]  However, this was followed with the beginning of the latter group of Conan stories which "carry the most intellectual punch," starting with "The People of the Black Circle".[101] ; Robert E. Howard: The character of Conan had a wide and enduring influence among other Weird Tales writers, including C. L. Moore and Fritz Leiber, and over the ensuing decades the genre of sword and sorcery grew up around Howard's masterwork, with dozens of practitioners evoking Howard's creation to one degree or another.[citation needed] ; Robert E. Howard: In hindsight, there were hints about Howard's plans. Several times in 1935–36, whenever his mother's health had declined, he made veiled allusions to his father about planning suicide, which his father did not understand at the time.[144] He had made references when speaking to Novalyne Price about being in his "sere and yellow leaf". The words sounded familiar to her, but it was only in early June 1936 that she found the source in Macbeth:[145]
Knowledge1:  Beast is a 1991 novel by Peter Benchley, the author of Jaws. [sep] Knowledge2: Beast (Kennen novel): Beast is a 2006 young adult novel by Ally Kennen. It won the 2007 Manchester Book Award,[1] and was shortlisted for the 2006 Booktrust Teenage Prize,[2] the 2007 Carnegie Medal[3] and the 2007 Branford Boase Award.[4] ; Beast (Kennen novel): Stephen is a 17-year-old foster child living on the edge of the law. He has moved from family to family, all the time guarding a great secret. He harbors a huge crocodilean beast, ferocious from birth, bequeathed to him by his criminal father when Stephen was a child. Beast tells the story of his murderous intents toward this monster and his growing relationships, as well as frequently reliving his childhood through flashbacks. ; Beast (Kennen novel): This article about a young adult novel of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Beast (Kennen novel): See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Knowledge1:  Corridor is an Indian graphic novel, written and illustrated by Sarnath Banerjee, set in contemporary Delhi. A shop owner by the name of Jehangir Rangoonwalla interacts with other residents of Delhi that all visit his shop. [sep] Knowledge2: Corridor (short story collection): Corridor is a 1999 collection of short stories by Alfian Sa'at,  all set in present-day Singapore. It received a Singapore Literature Prize Commendation Award for 1998.  It was first published by SNP Editions in 1999, and republished by Ethos Books in 2015.
Knowledge1: Non Sequitur (comic strip)  Non Sequitur is a comic strip created by Wiley Miller (credited mononymously as Wiley) starting February 16, 1992 and syndicated by Andrews McMeel Syndication to over 700 newspapers. It is also published on gocomics.com and distributed via email.  Translated from Latin as "it does not follow", "Non Sequitur" is often political and satirical, though other times, purely comedic.  The strip has undergone many changes through its history. Originally, the comic was a single panel gag cartoon, similar to Gary Larson's "The Far Side". It grew more political (from a moderately liberal perspective) in tone during the 1990s, to the point where it often became a borderline editorial cartoon. Today, the comic has become more traditional, sometimes using a multi-panel format and recurring characters. The horizontal daily strip is sometimes used as a single panel. The Sunday strip is vertical.  "Non Sequitur" has been honored with four National Cartoonists Society Awards, including the Newspaper Panel Cartoon Award for 1995, 1996 and 1998, and the Newspaper Panels Award for 2002. It is the only comic strip to win in its first year of syndication and the only title to ever win both the best comic strip and best comic panel categories. [sep] Knowledge2: Non-fiction: The numerous narrative techniques used within fiction are generally thought inappropriate for use in non-fiction. They are still present particularly in older works, but are often muted so as not to overshadow the information within the work. Simplicity, clarity, and directness are some of the most important considerations when producing non-fiction. Audience is important in any artistic or descriptive endeavour, but it is perhaps most important in non-fiction. In fiction, the writer believes that readers will make an effort to follow and interpret an indirectly or abstractly presented progression of theme, whereas the production of non-fiction has more to do with the direct provision of information. Understanding of the potential readers' use for the work and their existing knowledge of a subject are both fundamental for effective non-fiction. Despite the claim to truth of non-fiction, it is often necessary to persuade the reader to agree with the ideas and so a balanced, coherent, and informed argument is vital. However, the boundaries between fiction and non-fiction are continually blurred and argued upon, especially in the field of biography;[6] as Virginia Woolf said: "if we think of truth as something of granite-like solidity and of personality as something of rainbow-like intangibility and reflect that the aim of biography is to weld these two into one seamless whole, we shall admit that the problem is a stiff one and that we need not wonder if biographers, for the most part failed to solve it."[7]
Knowledge1:  The book won the 2013 Financial Times and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award. [sep] Knowledge2: Everything Everywhere All at Once: Evelyn Quan Wang is a middle-aged Chinese American immigrant who runs a laundromat with her husband, Waymond; two decades earlier, they eloped to the United States and had a daughter, Joy. In the present day, the laundromat is being audited by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Waymond is trying to serve Evelyn divorce papers in an attempt to get her attention so they can talk about their marriage.  Evelyn's stern and demanding father (referred to as Gong Gong, Cantonese for "grandfather"[17]) is visiting for her Chinese New Year party; meanwhile, Joy is dealing with depression and[18] has a strained relationship with her mother, which also includes Evelyn's reluctance to accept Joy's lesbian relationship with her non-Chinese girlfriend Becky.
Knowledge1:  Find Me was met with mixed reviews from literary critics, with review aggregator Book Marks reporting five negative and six mixed reviews among 26 total. Find Me (novel)  Find Me is a 2019 novel by writer André Aciman. The novel follows the lives of Samuel "Sami" Perlman, his son Elio Perlman, and Oliver, characters established in Aciman's 2007 novel "Call Me By Your Name". [sep] Knowledge2: André Aciman: His parents were Sephardic Jews, of Turkish and Italian origin, from families that had settled in Alexandria in 1905 (Turkish surname: Acıman).[6] As members of one of the Mutamassirun ("foreign") communities, his family members were unable to become Egyptian citizens. As a child, Aciman mistakenly believed that he was a French citizen.[19] He attended British schools in Egypt.[13] His family was spared from the 1956–57 exodus and expulsions from Egypt. However, increased tensions with Israel under President Gamal Abdel Nasser put Jews in a precarious position and his family left Egypt nine years later in 1965.[20]
Knowledge1: Tove Jansson  Tove Marika Jansson (; 9 August 1914 – 27 June 2001) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish author, novelist, painter, illustrator and comic strip author. Brought up by artistic parents, Jansson studied art from 1930 to 1938 in Stockholm, Helsinki and Paris. Her first solo art exhibition was in 1943. At the same time, she was writing short stories and articles for publication, as well as creating the graphics for book covers and other purposes. She continued to work as an artist and a writer for the rest of her life.  Jansson wrote the "Moomin" books for children, starting in 1945 with "The Moomins and the Great Flood". The next two books, "Comet in Moominland" and "Finn Family Moomintroll", published in 1946 and 1948 respectively, were highly successful in sales, adding to sales of the first book. For her work as a children's writer she received the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 1966.<ref name=andersen/><ref name=ibby-jansson/> The Moomins also spun off to a comic strip, initially created by Jansson herself, and in 2016 Jansson was included in The Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame.  Starting with the semi-autobiographical ("Sculptor's Daughter") in 1968, Jansson wrote six novels, including the admired ("The Summer Book"), and five books of short stories for adults. [sep] Knowledge2: Roxane Gay: In 2023, Gay was one of more than 370 New York Times contributors to sign an open letter expressing "serious concerns about editorial bias" in the newspaper's reporting on transgender people. The letter characterized the reporting as using "an eerily familiar mix of pseudoscience and euphemistic, charged language", and raised concerns regarding the newspaper's employment practices regarding trans contributors.[30][31][32]
Knowledge1:  The Ball of Fortune is a 1925 sports mystery novel by the British writer Sydney Horler, a prolific author. As with many other of his novels during the decade it was serialised by the News of the World. [sep] Knowledge2: The Ball (play):  The Ball is a Caroline comedy by James Shirley, first performed in 1632 and first published in 1639. ; The Ball (play): The Ball was licensed for performance by Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, on 16 November 1632. Herbert, however, was not happy with the play: in a note in his office book dated two days later, 18 November, he complained that the play showed "diverse personated so naturally, both of lords and others of the Court, that I took it ill, and would have forbidden the play" – but impresario Christopher Beeston promised Herbert that everything that Herbert disliked in the play would be fixed before the performance.[1] The desired changes must have been made satisfactorily since the play was acted by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre. ; The Ball (play): The 1639 quarto publication of the play, printed by Thomas Cotes for the booksellers Andrew Crooke and William Cooke, confused subsequent generations of critics since the title page attributes the play to both Shirley and George Chapman. The play, a light comedy of manners, is entirely like the style of Shirley, and nothing like the style of Chapman. Most scholars now think that the dual attribution is simply a mistake, a point of confusion by the publishers: The Tragedy of Chabot, Admiral of France, a Chapman play that had been revised by Shirley, was printed in the same year by the same house.[2] ; The Ball (play): Traditional critics sometimes complained about the frothy amorality of The Ball – judging it to display a "coarseness...unflattering" to the social set depicted.[3] Yet Herbert's adverse reaction to the accuracy of the play suggests that even the revised version may have a certain journalistic quality, showing what the Court of Charles I was actually like. ; The Ball (play): The Ball portrays people of fashionable society preparing for a Courtly ball. The main plot centers on the widowed Lady Lucina, a "scornful lady" who enjoys mocking her unwanted suitors. Three of them, Lamont, Travers, and Bostock, she successfully dismisses; a fourth, Colonel Winfield, she openly ridicules. Winfield, however, has won the good graces of Lady Lucina's maid; with inside information, he manipulates both the other suitors and the Lady herself. Lucina agrees to marry him if he swears that he has been virtuous. Winfield, a man of the world, refuses to take a false oath; in so doing, he paradoxically proves himself honest. He passes a further test as well, agreeing to meet Lady Lucina's six children from her first marriage – children who do not exist.
Knowledge1: Suicide (Durkheim book)  Suicide: A Study in Sociology () is an 1897 book written by French sociologist Émile Durkheim. It was the first methodological study of a social fact in the context of society. It is ostensibly a case study of suicide, a publication unique for its time that provided an example of what the sociological monograph should look like.  According to Durkheim, [sep] Knowledge2: Suicide (novel): The work's prose is a second person narration detailing disconnected episodes about "you", the narrator's friend that committed suicide some twenty years before. The descriptions are never more than a few paragraphs long. They culminate and characterize "you". ; Suicide (novel): After the main body of the work (the prose), there are pages of verse that "your wife" found in "your desk drawer". They are written in first person with the word "me" ending almost every line of each tercet in the English translation.[1][2]
Knowledge1:  Treasury under presidents James Garfield, Chester Arthur and Benjamin Harrison; the actor William Windom's character of "Glen Morley" in The Farmer's Daughter television series (1963) was also a congressman from Minnesota ; Gregg L. Witt, is an American author, youth brand strategist, speaker, and former professional skateboarder. Witt is known for his youth marketing strategies, keynote talks, seminars, and business book, The Gen Z Frequency published by Kogan Page. In 2016 he was named a top 5 youth marketer to follow by Inc. Magazine and in 2017 he made the Forbes list of leading Generation Z experts. ; Cat Zingano, mixed martial artist ; Eugenia Wheeler Goff (1844-1922), historian, cartographer, educator, and author [sep] Knowledge2: Witt: Witt or WITT may refer to:
Knowledge1: On the Road is a 1957 novel by American writer Jack Kerouac, based on the travels of Kerouac and his friends across the United States. It is considered a defining work of the postwar Beat and Counterculture generations, with its protagonists living life against a backdrop of jazz, poetry, and drug use. The novel is a roman à clef, with many key figures of the Beat movement, such as William S. Burroughs (Old Bull Lee), Allen Ginsberg (Carlo Marx), and Neal Cassady (Dean Moriarty) represented by characters in the book, including Kerouac himself as the narrator Sal Paradise. The idea for On the Road, Kerouac's second novel, was formed during the   original manuscript titled On the Road: The Original Scroll (August 16, 2007), corresponding with the 50th anniversary of original publication. This version has been transcribed and edited by English academic and novelist Dr. Howard Cunnell. As well as containing material that was excised from the original draft due to its explicit nature, the scroll version also uses the real names of the protagonists, so Dean Moriarty becomes Neal Cassady and Carlo Marx becomes Allen Ginsberg, etc. In 2007, Gabriel Anctil, a journalist of Montreal daily Le Devoir, discovered in Kerouac's personal archives in New York almost 200 pages of his writings entirely   Thomas Pynchon describes On the Road as "one of the great American novels". On the Road has been the object of critical study since its publication. David Brooks of The New York Times compiled several opinions and summarized them in an Op-Ed from October 2, 2007. Whereas Millstein saw it as a story in which the heroes took pleasure in everything, George Mouratidis, an editor of a new edition, claimed "above all else, the story is about loss." "It's a book about death and the search for something meaningful to hold on to—the famous search for 'IT,' a truth larger than the self, which, of  On the Road  On the Road is a 1957 novel by American writer Jack Kerouac, based on the travels of Kerouac and his friends across the United States. It is considered a defining work of the postwar Beat and Counterculture generations, with its protagonists living life against a backdrop of jazz, poetry, and drug use. The novel is a roman à clef, with many key figures of the Beat movement, such as William S. Burroughs (Old Bull Lee), Allen Ginsberg (Carlo Marx), and Neal Cassady (Dean Moriarty) represented by characters in the book, including Kerouac himself as the narrator Sal Paradise.  The idea for "On the Road", Kerouac's second novel, was formed during the late 1940s in a series of notebooks, and then typed out on a continuous reel of paper during three weeks in April 1951. It was published by Viking Press in 1957.  "The New York Times" hailed the book's appearance as "the most beautifully executed, the clearest and the most important utterance yet made by the generation Kerouac himself named years ago as 'beat,' and whose principal avatar he is." [sep] Knowledge2: The Road: A film adaptation of the novel, directed by John Hillcoat and written by Joe Penhall, opened in theatres on November 25, 2009. The film stars Viggo Mortensen as the man and Kodi Smit-McPhee as the boy. Production took place in Louisiana, Oregon, and several locations in Pennsylvania.[29] The film, like the novel, received generally positive reviews from critics. ; Jack Kerouac: For the next six years, Kerouac continued to write regularly. Building upon previous drafts tentatively titled "The Beat Generation" and "Gone on the Road," Kerouac completed what is now known as On the Road in April 1951, while living at 454 West 20th Street in Manhattan with his second wife, Joan Haverty.[39] The book was largely autobiographical and describes Kerouac's road-trip adventures across the United States and Mexico with Neal Cassady in the late 40s and early 50s, as well as his relationships with other Beat writers and friends. Although some of the novel is focused on driving, Kerouac did not have a driver's license and Cassady did most of the cross-country driving. He learned to drive aged 34, but never had a formal license.[40] ; Jack Kerouac: Kerouac completed the first version of the novel during a three-week extended session of spontaneous confessional prose. Kerouac wrote the final draft in 20 days, with Joan, his wife, supplying him with benzedrine, cigarettes, bowls of pea soup, and mugs of coffee to keep him going.[41] Before beginning, Kerouac cut sheets of tracing paper[42] into long strips, wide enough for a typewriter, and taped them together into a 120-foot (37 m) long roll which he then fed into the machine. This allowed him to type continuously without the interruption of reloading pages. The resulting manuscript contained no chapter or paragraph breaks and was much more explicit than the version which was eventually published. Though "spontaneous," Kerouac had prepared long in advance before beginning to write.[43] In fact, according to his Columbia professor and mentor Mark Van Doren, he had outlined much of the work in his journals over the several preceding years. ; Jack Kerouac: Publishers rejected On the Road because of its experimental writing style and its sexual content. Many editors were also uncomfortable with the idea of publishing a book that contained what were, for the era, graphic descriptions of drug use and homosexual behavior[citation needed]—a move that could result in obscenity charges being filed, a fate that later befell Burroughs' Naked Lunch and Ginsberg's Howl. ; Jack Kerouac: According to Kerouac, On the Road "was really a story about two Catholic buddies roaming the country in search of God. And we found him. I found him in the sky, in Market Street San Francisco (those 2 visions), and Dean (Neal) had God sweating out of his forehead all the way. THERE IS NO OTHER WAY OUT FOR THE HOLY MAN: HE MUST SWEAT FOR GOD. And once he has found Him, the Godhood of God is forever Established and really must not be spoken about."[18] According to his biographer, historian Douglas Brinkley, On the Road has been misinterpreted as a tale of companions out looking for kicks, but the most important thing to comprehend is that Kerouac was an American Catholic author – for example, virtually every page of his diary bore a sketch of a crucifix, a prayer, or an appeal to Christ to be forgiven.[44]
Knowledge1:  The Outing is a 1987 American supernatural slasher film directed by Tom Daley, and starring Deborah Winters, James Huston, Andra St. Ivanyi, Scott Bankston, and Red Mitchell. It follows a group of teenagers spending the night in a natural history museum who are stalked by the spirit of a malevolent jinn released from an ancient lamp. The film was originally released in the United Kingdom as The Lamp on April 28, 1987, though it was released as The Outing for in the United States on September 11 of the same year with about 2 minutes of cuts, along with a different opening score. The film was shot on location in Houston and Galveston, Texas, as well as Los Angeles. [sep] Knowledge2: The Outing: While at Monk's Café, Elaine Benes notices a woman in a nearby booth eavesdropping, and as a prank speaks to Jerry Seinfeld and George Costanza as if they were a closeted gay couple. The eavesdropping woman turns out to be Sharon, a New York University reporter who is planning on interviewing Jerry. Later, Sharon visits Jerry's apartment to conduct the interview. His and George's conversation during the interview inadvertently solidifies her misconception that they are gay. Eventually, they recognize her from the coffee shop, and strenuously deny that they are gay. Nevertheless, the interview with Jerry is published in the school newspaper, and subsequently gets picked up by the Associated Press, "outing" Jerry and George to their readers. ; The Outing: Sharon asks to see Jerry, leading to them kissing in his apartment. George decides to use his (fake) orientation as an excuse to break up with his girlfriend, Allison. George tries to act outraged at finding Jerry making out with Sharon to prove that he is homosexual to Allison, but when Jerry does not follow along, George's ruse fails to convince her and Sharon walks out. In a last-ditch attempt to get Allison to break up with him, George tells her he is a porn actor, but this only makes her even more attracted to him. ; The Outing: Kramer enters his apartment with an attractive young man, causing George and Jerry to briefly wonder if he is gay. Kramer explains, "He's the phone man! ...Not that there's anything wrong with that."[3] ; Lêer:Harry Stratford Caldecott (South African 1886-1929) The Outing.jpeg: This work is in the public domain in the United States because it meets three requirements: ; Lêer:Harry Stratford Caldecott (South African 1886-1929) The Outing.jpeg: العربية ∙ Deutsch ∙ English ∙ español ∙ français ∙ Bahasa Indonesia ∙ italiano ∙ 日本語 ∙ македонски ∙ മലയാളം ∙ polski ∙ português ∙ русский ∙ sicilianu ∙ slovenščina ∙ Türkçe ∙ 中文 ∙ 中文（中国大陆） ∙ 中文（简体） ∙ 中文（繁體） ∙ 中文（臺灣） ∙ +/−
Knowledge1:  Louis was born in Arsy (Oise) on 3 September 1864. Her father was a manual laborer and her mother came from a farmworking background. Louis's mother died on her first birthday and her father, who remarried, also died before she was seven; at which point, she came under the charge of her eldest sister. She first worked as a shepherdess but, by 1881, she was engaged as a domestic worker at the convent of the Sisters of Providence in Clermont, Oise. Beginning in 1901, she was employed as a housekeeper for middle-class families in the town of Senlis. [sep] Knowledge2: Louis XIV: The French were nevertheless forced to retreat from most of the Dutch Republic, which deeply shocked Louis; he retreated to St Germain for while, where no one, except a few intimates, were allowed to disturb him.[46] French military advantages allowed them however to hold their ground in Alsace and the Spanish Netherlands while retaking Franche-Comté. By 1678, mutual exhaustion led to the Treaty of Nijmegen, which was generally settled in France's favour and allowed Louis to intervene in the Scanian War. Despite military defeat, his ally Sweden regained much of what they had lost under the 1679 treaties of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Fontainebleau and Lund imposed on Denmark–Norway and Brandenburg.[47] Yet Louis' two primary goals, the destruction of the Dutch Republic and the conquest of the Spanish Netherlands, had failed.[48]
Knowledge1: Ungheni County (Județul Ungheni) was a county of Moldova from 1998 to 2003. Its population in 2003 was 260,300. Its capital was Ungheni. It was bordered by the Moldovan counties of Bălți, Orhei, Chişinău, and Lăpușna, and with Romania to the west. Republic of Moldova to the east - Ungheni District. ; Neamț County to the west. ; Botoșani County and Suceava County to the northwest. ; Vaslui County to the south.  Ungheni County  Ungheni County () was a county of Moldova from 1998 to 2003. Its population in 2003 was 260,300. Its capital was Ungheni.  It was bordered by the Moldovan counties of Bălți, Orhei, Chişinău, and Lăpușna, and with Romania to the west. [sep] Knowledge2: Ungheni District: Footnote: * There is an ongoing controversy regarding the ethnic identification of Moldovans and Romanians. ; Ungheni District: Ungheni County ; Ungheni District: 47°20′N 27°55′E﻿ / ﻿47.333°N 27.917°E﻿ / 47.333; 27.917
Knowledge1: Gmina Secemin  Gmina Secemin is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Secemin, which lies approximately south-west of Włoszczowa and west of the regional capital Kielce.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,171. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Secemin: Gmina Secemin is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Secemin, which lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Włoszczowa and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Kielce. ; Gmina Secemin: The gmina covers an area of 164.13 square kilometres (63.4 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 5,171. ; Gmina Secemin: Gmina Secemin contains the villages and settlements of Bichniów, Brzozowa, Celiny, Czaryż, Dąbie, Daleszec, Gabrielów, Gródek, Kluczyce, Krzepice, Krzepin, Kuczków, Lipiny, Maleniec, Marchocice, Międzylesie, Miny, Nadolnik, Osiny, Papiernia, Pniaki, Psary, Psary-Kolonia, Ropocice, Secemin, Wałkonowy Dolne, Wałkonowy Górne, Wincentów, Wola Czaryska, Wola Kuczkowska, Wolica, Zakrzów, Żelisławice, Żelisławiczki and Zwlecza. ; Gmina Secemin: Gmina Secemin is bordered by the gminas of Koniecpol, Radków, Szczekociny and Włoszczowa. ; Dąbie, Gmina Secemin: 50°44′24″N 19°45′22″E﻿ / ﻿50.74000°N 19.75611°E﻿ / 50.74000; 19.75611
Knowledge1:  The Yungay Province is one of twenty provinces of the Ancash Region in Peru.  The people in the province are mainly indigenous citizens of Quechua descent. Quechua is the language which the majority of the population (73.19%) learnt to speak in childhood, 26.48  % of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language (2007 Peru Census). Yunguyo Province  Yunguyo Province is a province of the Puno Region in Peru. The capital of the province is the city of Yunguyo. [sep] Knowledge2: Yunguyo Province: Yunguyo Province is a province of the Puno Region in Peru.[1] The capital of the province is the city of Yunguyo. ; Yunguyo Province: The province measures 290.21 square kilometres (112.05 sq mi) and is divided into seven districts: ; Yunguyo Province: The people in the province are mainly indigenous citizens of Aymara descent. Aymara is the language which the majority of the population (67.84%) learnt to speak in childhood, 31.34% of the residents started speaking using the Spanish language and  0.56 	% using Quechua (2007 Peru Census).[2] ; Yunguyo Province: 16°14′39″S 69°05′34″W﻿ / ﻿16.24417°S 69.09278°W﻿ / -16.24417; -69.09278
Knowledge1: Canton of Saint-Doulchard  The Canton of Saint-Doulchard is a canton situated in the Cher département and in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has 15,095 inhabitants (2018).<ref name=pop2018/> [sep] Knowledge2: Canton of Saint-Doulchard: The Canton of Saint-Doulchard is a canton situated in the Cher département and in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has 15,095 inhabitants (2018).[2] ; Canton of Saint-Doulchard: The canton comprises 3 communes:[3] ; Canton of Saint-Doulchard: 47°6′20″N 2°21′27″E﻿ / ﻿47.10556°N 2.35750°E﻿ / 47.10556; 2.35750 ; Canton de Saint-Doulchard: Le canton de Saint-Doulchard est une circonscription électorale française située dans le département du Cher et la région Centre-Val de Loire. À la suite du redécoupage cantonal de 2014, la composition du canton reste inchangée. ; Canton de Saint-Doulchard: Le canton est créé en 1982[1].
Knowledge1: The arrondissement of Castellane is an arrondissement of France in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has 41 communes. Its population is 11,403 (2016), and its area is 1718.1 km2. 1) Allons (04005) ; 2) Allos (04006) ; 3) Angles (04007) ; 4) Annot (04008) ; 5) Barrême (04022) ; 6) Beauvezer (04025) ; 7) Blieux (04030) ; 8) Braux (04032) ; 9) Castellane (04039) ; 10) Castellet-lès-Sausses (04042) ; 11) Chaudon-Norante (04055) ; 12) Clumanc (04059) ; 13) Colmars (04061) ; 14) Demandolx (04069) ; 15) Entrevaux (04076) ; 16) Le Fugeret (04090) ; 17) La Garde (04092) ; 18) Lambruisse (04099) ; 19) Méailles (04115) ; 20) Moriez (04133) ; 21) La Mure-Argens (04136) ; 22) La Palud-sur-Verdon (04144) ; 23) Peyroules (04148) ; 24) La Rochette (04170) ; 25) Rougon (04171) ; 26) Saint-André-les-Alpes (04173) ; 27) Saint-Benoît (04174) ; 28) Saint-Jacques (04180) ; 29) Saint-Julien-du-Verdon (04183) ; 30) Saint-Lions (04187) ; 31) Saint-Pierre (04194) ; 32) Sausses (04202) ; 33) Senez (04204) ; 34) Soleilhas (04210) ; 35) Tartonne (04214) ; 36) Thorame-Basse (04218) ; 37) Thorame-Haute (04219) ; 38) Ubraye (04224) ; 39) Val-de-Chalvagne (04043) ; 40) Vergons (04236) ; 41) Villars-Colmars (04240) The communes of the arrondissement of Castellane, and their INSEE codes, are: 1) Allos-Colmars ; 2) Annot ; 3) Castellane ; 4) Entrevaux ; 5) Saint-André-les-Alpes The arrondissement of Castellane was created in 1800, it was disbanded in 1926 and it was restored in 1942. At the January 2017 reorganization of the arrondissements of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, it gained nine communes from the arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains. As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Castellane were, as of January 2015: Arrondissement of Castellane  The arrondissement of Castellane is an arrondissement of France in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It has 41 communes. [sep] Knowledge2: Arrondissement of Castellane: The arrondissement of Castellane is an arrondissement of France, in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Castellane. ; Arrondissement of Castellane: When the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Castellane was part of that original department.[2]; Arrondissement of Castellane: The arrondissement was eliminated in 1926 but became again an arrondissement in 1952.[2]; Arrondissement of Castellane: The arrondissement of Castellane is in eastern Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. It is bordered to the north by the arrondissement of Barcelonnette, to the east by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Var department and to the west by the arrondissement of Digne-les-Bains. ; Arrondissement of Castellane: The arrondissement of Castellane is the second smallest arrondissement of the department, after the arrondissement of Barcelonnette,  both in area, 1,320.4 km2 (509.8 sq mi), and population (9,493 inhabitants).
Knowledge1: Chugay ; Cochorco ; Curgos ; Huamachuco ; Marcabal ; Sanagorán ; Sarín ; Sartimbamba The province is divided into eight districts, which are: [sep] Knowledge2: Sánchez Carrión Province: 7°48′44″S 78°02′51″W﻿ / ﻿7.81222°S 78.04750°W﻿ / -7.81222; -78.04750
Knowledge1: Chiprovtsi Municipality (Община Чипровци) is a small frontier municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of western Stara Planina mountain and the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Chiprovtsi. In the southwest, the municipality borders on Republic of Serbia. The area embraces a territory of 286.8 km² with a population of 3,657 inhabitants, as of February 2011.  Chiprovtsi Municipality is located in the western part of Montana Province. The municipality has an area of 286.9 km2, which is 7.89% of the provinces' territory and 0.26% of that of Bulgaria. To the east, Chiprovtsi municipality borders Montana and Georgi Damyanovo municipalities of the same province; its southern neighbour is also Georgi Damyanovo. To the west are the Serbian border and Chuprene municipality of Vidin Province and to the north is Ruzhintsi municipality of Vidin Province. Besides the town, the municipality includes nine villages, namely Belimel, Chelyustnitsa, Gorna Kovachitsa, Gorna Luka, Martinovo, Mitrovtsi, Prevala, Ravna and Zhelezna. The town lies 155 km from the Bulgarian capital   Chiprovtsi Municipality includes the following 10 places (towns are shown in bold):  35 km from the provincial capital Montana, 44 km from Berkovitsa and 18 km from the national border of Bulgaria and Serbia; the nearest Serbian municipality is Surdulica. Chiprovtsi municipality falls in the humid continental climate climate zone, with a slight mountain influence. The average year-round temperature is 9.7 °C; the average monthly temperature is -1 to 0 C in January and 20 °C in July. The average yearly precipitation is 776–816 millimetres. The spring is short and rainy, while the summer is generally hot and dry. In the winter, the area is subject to a strong northeastern wind and a temperature inversion in the valleys. Of  Chiprovtsi Municipality  Chiprovtsi Municipality () is a small frontier municipality ("obshtina") in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of western Stara Planina mountain and the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Chiprovtsi. In the southwest, the municipality borders on Republic of Serbia.  The area embraces a territory of 286.8 km with a population of 3,657 inhabitants, as of February 2011. [sep] Knowledge2: Chiprovtsi Municipality: Chiprovtsi Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Чипровци) is a small frontier municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located on the northern slopes of western Stara Planina mountain and the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan. It is named after its administrative centre - the town of Chiprovtsi. In the southwest, the municipality borders on Republic of Serbia. ; Chiprovtsi Municipality: The area embraces a territory of 286.8 km2 with a population of 3,657 inhabitants, as of February 2011.[1] ; Chiprovtsi Municipality: Chiprovtsi Municipality includes the following 10 places (towns are shown in bold): ; Chiprovtsi Municipality: Chiprovtsi Municipality is located in the western part of Montana Province. The municipality has an area of 286.9 square kilometres (110.8 sq mi), which is 7.89% of the provinces' territory and 0.26% of that of Bulgaria. To the east, Chiprovtsi municipality borders Montana and Georgi Damyanovo municipalities of the same province; its southern neighbour is also Georgi Damyanovo. To the west are the Serbian border and Chuprene municipality of Vidin Province and to the north is Ruzhintsi municipality of Vidin Province.[5] Besides the town, the municipality includes nine villages, namely Belimel, Chelyustnitsa, Gorna Kovachitsa, Gorna Luka, Martinovo, Mitrovtsi, Prevala, Ravna and Zhelezna.[6] The town lies 155 km (96 mi) from the Bulgarian capital Sofia, 35 km (22 mi) from the provincial capital Montana, 44 km (27 mi) from Berkovitsa and 18 km (11 mi) from the national border of Bulgaria and Serbia; the nearest Serbian municipality is Surdulica.[5] ; Chiprovtsi Municipality: Chiprovtsi municipality falls in the humid continental climate climate zone, with a slight mountain influence. The average year-round temperature is 9.7 °C (49.5 °F); the average monthly temperature is −1 to 0 °C (30 to 32 °F) in January and 20 °C (68 °F) in July. The average yearly precipitation is 776–816 millimetres. The spring is short and rainy, while the summer is generally hot and dry. In the winter, the area is subject to a strong northeastern wind and a temperature inversion in the valleys.[7]
Knowledge1: 1) Antibes (partly) ; 2) Biot The canton of Antibes-3 is an administrative division of the Alpes-Maritimes department, southeastern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Antibes. It consists of the following communes: Canton of Antibes-Biot  The canton of Antibes-Biot is a former administrative division in Alpes-Maritimes, southeastern France. It was created on 31 January 1985. Its seat was in Antibes. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 38,899 inhabitants (2012). It included the following communes:<ref name=pop2012/> [sep] Knowledge2: Antibes: The dust eventually settled to leave Antibes within the territory of the County of Provence, itself part of the Kingdom of Burgundy-Arles and from 1033 the Holy Roman Empire. In the tenth century the coastal areas of Provence were menaced by 'Saracen' raiders from Muslim Spain, who were finally driven out when Count William I of Provence captured their stronghold at Fraxinetum in 975. William rewarded the knights who had fought for him in this campaign by enfeoffing them with the liberated lands in southern Provence. One of these knights was a certain Rodoald, who became Lord of Antibes.[15]
Knowledge1: The canton is organised around Harnes in the arrondissement of Lens. The altitude varies from 20m (Estevelles) to 46m (Harnes) for an average altitude of 29m.  The canton of Harnes is a canton situated in the department of the Pas-de-Calais and in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France. Canton of Harnes  The canton of Harnes is a canton situated in the department of the Pas-de-Calais and in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France. [sep] Knowledge2: Cantons of Switzerland: The cantonal legislatures are unicameral parliaments, with their size varying between 58 and 200 seats. A few legislatures also involve or did involve general popular assemblies known as Landsgemeinden; the use of this form of legislature has declined: at present, it exists only in the cantons of Appenzell Innerrhoden and Glarus. The cantonal executives consist of either five or seven members, depending on the canton.[18] For the names of the institutions, see the list of cantonal executives and list of cantonal legislatures.
Knowledge1: Cascais, Portugal ; 🇮🇹 Desenzano del Garda, Italy ; 🇮🇹 Grottammare, Italy ; 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 South Normanton, England Sal is twinned with: [sep] Knowledge2: Sal: Sal, SAL, or S.A.L. may refer to:
Knowledge1:   Karelichy (Карэлічы, Kareličy; Коре́личи, Korelichi; Koreličiai; Korelicze; קארעליץ, Korelitz) is a town in the Grodno Region of Belarus, the administaritv centre of Karelichy District. The town was historically a center of a large Jewish community; its population in 1900 was 1,840. [sep] Knowledge2: Category:Kareličy District: This category has the following 8 subcategories, out of 8 total.
Knowledge1: Kambarsky District (Камба́рский райо́н; Камбарка ёрос) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the republic. The area of the district is 762.6 km2. Its administrative center is the town of Kambarka. Population: 21,243 (2002 Census);  The population of Kambarka accounts for 60.9% of the district's total population.  The economy of the district is mostly based on mining, reindeer husbandry, fishing, and hunting. There are deposits of diamonds in the district. Administrative centers are shown in bold  Kambarsky District  Kambarsky District (; , "Kambarka joros") is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the republic. The area of the district is . Population: 21,243 (2002 Census); The population of Kambarka accounts for 60.9% of the district's total population.<ref name="2010Census" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Kambarsky District: Kambarsky District (Russian: Камба́рский райо́н; Udmurt: Камбарка ёрос, Kambarka joros) is an administrative[1] and municipal[7] district (raion), one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the republic. The area of the district is 762.6 square kilometers (294.4 sq mi).[3] Its administrative center is the town of Kambarka.[2] Population: 18,106 (2010 Census);[4] 21,243 (2002 Census);[9] 22,680 (1989 Census).[10] The population of Kambarka accounts for 60.9% of the district's total population.[4] ; Kambarsky District: 56°16′N 54°12′E﻿ / ﻿56.267°N 54.200°E﻿ / 56.267; 54.200 ; Kambarsky District: Kambarsky District (Russian: Камба́рский райо́н; Udmurt: Камбарка ёрос, Kambarka joros) is an administrative[1] and municipal[7] district (raion), one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. It is located in the southeast of the republic. The area of the district is 762.6 square kilometers (294.4 sq mi).[3] Its administrative center is the town of Kambarka.[2] Population: 18,106 (2010 Census);[4] 21,243 (2002 Census);[9] 22,680 (1989 Census).[10] The population of Kambarka accounts for 60.9% of the district's total population.[4]
Knowledge1: Gmina Brzeszcze  Gmina Brzeszcze is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the town of Brzeszcze, which lies approximately south-west of Oświęcim and west of the regional capital Kraków.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 21,557, of which the population of Brzeszcze is 11,730, and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 9,827. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Brzeszcze: Gmina Brzeszcze is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the town of Brzeszcze, which lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) south-west of Oświęcim and 57 km (35 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków. ; Gmina Brzeszcze: The gmina covers an area of 46.13 square kilometres (17.8 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 21,557, of which the population of Brzeszcze is 11,730, and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 9,827. ; Gmina Brzeszcze: Apart from the town of Brzeszcze, Gmina Brzeszcze contains the villages and settlements of Jawiszowice, Przecieszyn, Skidziń, Wilczkowice and Zasole. ; Gmina Brzeszcze: Gmina Brzeszcze is bordered by the gminas of Kęty, Miedźna, Oświęcim and Wilamowice. ; Gmina Brzeszcze: This Poland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Knowledge1: Tarussky District (Тарусский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-four in Kaluga Oblast, Russia. It is located in the east of the oblast. The area of the district is 714.6 km2. Its administrative center is the town of Tarusa. Population: 15,680 (2002 Census);  The population of Tarusa accounts for 63.3% of the district's total population. Tarussky District  Tarussky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-four in Kaluga Oblast, Russia. It is located in the east of the oblast. The area of the district is . Population: 15,680 (2002 Census); The population of Tarusa accounts for 59.7% of the district's total population.<ref name="2010Census" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Tarussky District: Tarussky District (Russian: Тарусский райо́н) is an administrative[1] and municipal[5] district (raion), one of the twenty-four in Kaluga Oblast, Russia. It is located in the east of the oblast. The area of the district is 714.6 square kilometers (275.9 sq mi).[2] Its administrative center is the town of Tarusa.[2] Population: 16,603 (2021 Census);[7] 15,255 (2010 Census);[3]   15,680 (2002 Census);[8] 14,848 (1989 Census).[9] The population of Tarusa accounts for 59.7% of the district's total population.[3] ; Tarsky District: Tarsky District (Russian: Та́рский райо́н) is an administrative[1] and municipal[5] district (raion), one of the thirty-two in Omsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the oblast. The area of the district is 15,700 square kilometers (6,100 sq mi).[2] Its administrative center is the town of Tara (which is not administratively a part of the district).[1] Population: 19,242 (2010 Census);[3] 22,684 (2002 Census);[7] 25,563 (1989 Census).[8]
Knowledge1: Gmina Czorsztyn  Gmina Czorsztyn is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It takes its name from the village of Czorsztyn, its former seat (until 1993). The present seat of the gmina is Maniowy, which lies approximately east of Nowy Targ and south of the regional capital Kraków.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,201. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Czorsztyn: Gmina Czorsztyn is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It takes its name from the village of Czorsztyn, its former seat (until 1993). The present seat of the gmina is Maniowy, which lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) east of Nowy Targ and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Kraków. ; Gmina Czorsztyn: The gmina covers an area of 61.72 square kilometres (23.8 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 7,201. ; Gmina Czorsztyn: Gmina Czorsztyn contains the villages and settlements of Czorsztyn, Huba, Kluszkowce, Maniowy, Mizerna, Sromowce Niżne and Sromowce Wyżne. ; Gmina Czorsztyn: Gmina Czorsztyn is bordered by the gminas of Krościenko nad Dunajcem, Łapsze Niżne, Nowy Targ and Ochotnica Dolna. It also borders Slovakia. ; Czorsztyn:  Media related to Czorsztyn at Wikimedia Commons
Knowledge1: Diez ; Bad Ems-Nassau ; Lahnstein (Verband-free town) ; } Verbandsgemeinden: Bad Ems (Verbandsgemeinde)  Bad Ems is a former "Verbandsgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in the Rhein-Lahn-Kreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. In January 2019 it was merged into the new "Verbandsgemeinde" Bad Ems-Nassau. Its seat was in Bad Ems.  The "Verbandsgemeinde" Bad Ems consisted of the following "Ortsgemeinden" ("local municipalities"): [sep] Knowledge2: Bad Ems (Verbandsgemeinde): Bad Ems is a former Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the Rhein-Lahn-Kreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. In January 2019 it was merged into the new Verbandsgemeinde Bad Ems-Nassau. Its seat was in Bad Ems. ; Bad Ems (Verbandsgemeinde): The Verbandsgemeinde Bad Ems consisted of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"): ; Bad Ems (Verbandsgemeinde): This Rhein-Lahn location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.; Bad Ems (Verbandsgemeinde): 50°20′17″N 7°42′40″E﻿ / ﻿50.338°N 7.711°E﻿ / 50.338; 7.711 ; Verbandsgemeinde Bad Ems: 50.3349157.715263Koordinaten: 50° 20′ N, 7° 43′ O
Knowledge1: The canton of Gordes is a French former administrative division in the department of Vaucluse and region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 8 communes, which joined the canton of Apt in 2015. Beaumettes : 194 inhabitants ; Gordes : 2,092 inhabitants ; Goult : 1,285 inhabitants ; Joucas : 317 inhabitants ; Lioux : 248 inhabitants ; Murs : 415 inhabitants ; Roussillon : 1,161 inhabitants ; Saint-Pantaléon : 177 inhabitants The communes in the canton of Gordes: Canton of Gordes  The canton of Gordes is a French former administrative division in the department of Vaucluse and region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. It had 5,890 inhabitants (2012). It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 8 communes, [sep] Knowledge2: Canton of Gordes: The canton of Gordes is a French former administrative division in the department of Vaucluse and region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. It had 5,890 inhabitants (2012).[1] It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 8 communes,[1] which joined the canton of Apt in 2015.[2] ; Canton of Gordes:  43°54′21″N 5°14′40″E﻿ / ﻿43.90583°N 5.24444°E﻿ / 43.90583; 5.24444
Knowledge1:  Nowy Bedoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 km north-east of Andrespol and 14 km south-east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 439. This village is the only one in Poland which has an inclined lake with five-kilo doves flying over. It's an attraction known to tourists around the world. Bedoń also has train-adapted roundabouts where trains can make a u-turn. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Andrespol: Gmina Andrespol is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the village of Andrespol, which lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-east of the regional capital Łódź. ; Gmina Andrespol: The gmina covers an area of 23.77 square kilometres (9.2 sq mi), and as of 2010 its total population is 12,151 ; Gmina Andrespol: Gmina Andrespol contains the villages and settlements of Andrespol, Bedoń Przykościelny, Bedoń-Wieś, Janówka, Justynów, Kraszew, Nowy Bedoń, Stróża, Wiśniowa Góra and Zielona Góra. ; Gmina Andrespol: Gmina Andrespol is bordered by the city of Łódź and by the gminas of Brójce, Brzeziny, Koluszki and Nowosolna. ; Andrespol: In 1807 the region had become a part of the newly established Duchy of Warsaw and from 1815 it was part of Congress Poland. The Protestant church was destroyed 1945.
Knowledge1: Vozhegodsky District (Вожего́дский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-six in Vologda Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast and borders with Konoshsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in the north, Verkhovazhsky District in the east, Syamzhensky District in the southeast, Kharovsky District in the south, Ust-Kubinsky District in the southwest, and with Kirillovsky District in the west. The area of the district is 5500 km2. Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Vozhega. Population: 18,976 (2002 Census);  The population of Vozhega accounts for 40.1% of the district's total population.  Timber industry and food industry are present in the district.  The district contains seventy objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local significance. Most of these are wooden farms and chapels built prior to 1917. The only state museum in the district is the Vozhega Regional Museum, located in the settlement of Vozhega.  There are fifteen farms in the district which breed cattle, produce meat and milk, and grow crops, mostly to feed cattle.  (west) and Kadnikovsky Uyezd of Vologda Governorate (east). The area was sparsely populated until the end of the 19th century, due to its remote location from all the trade routes connecting Northern Russia with the White Sea. In 1894, the construction of the railway line between Vologda and Arkhangelsk started. The railway was planned to run over the shortest route rather than pass through existing settlements, and it was eventually built through the present area of the district. Vozhega was founded in 1895 as a railway station. In 1918, five uyezds of Novgorod Governorate, including Kirillovsky Uyezd, were split off to form Cherepovets Governorate. In  Vozhegodsky District  Vozhegodsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-six in Vologda Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast and borders with Konoshsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in the north, Verkhovazhsky District in the east, Syamzhensky District in the southeast, Kharovsky District in the south, Ust-Kubinsky District in the southwest, and with Kirillovsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Vozhega. Population: 18,976 (2002 Census); The population of Vozhega accounts for 40.1% of the district's total population.<ref name="2010Census" /> [sep] Knowledge2: Vozhegodsky District: Vozhegodsky District (Russian: Вожего́дский райо́н) is an administrative[1] and municipal[8] district (raion), one of the twenty-six in Vologda Oblast, Russia. It is located in the north of the oblast and borders with Konoshsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in the north, Verkhovazhsky District in the east, Syamzhensky District in the southeast, Kharovsky District in the south, Ust-Kubinsky District in the southwest, and with Kirillovsky District in the west. The area of the district is 5,500 square kilometers (2,100 sq mi).[4] Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Vozhega.[3] Population: 16,790 (2010 Census);[5] 18,976 (2002 Census);[10] 22,470 (1989 Census).[11] The population of Vozhega accounts for 40.1% of the district's total population.[5] ; Vozhegodsky District: The area of the district is elongated from west to east and shared between three major drainage basins. The west border of the district is drawn across Lake Vozhe which belongs to the basin of the Onega River. The western and northwestern parts of the district are a part of Lake Vozhe's basin. The main tributary of the lake, the Vozhega River, has its entire course within the district. The central and eastern parts of the district belong to the basin of the Kubena River and its tributaries. The Kubena has its source in Arkhangelsk Oblast and flows south, crossing Vozhegodsky District from north to south. It has its mouth in Lake Kubenskoye and belongs to the basin of the Sukhona River. Minor areas in the southwest and the south of the district lie in the basin of the tributaries of the Kubena and of the Uftyuga River, which also flows into Lake Kubenskoye. Finally, rivers in some areas in the east of the district flow and drain east into the basin of the Vaga. In particular, one of the main left tributaries of the Vaga, the Pezhma, has its source located in the district. The whole area of the district belongs to the White Sea basin. ; Vozhegodsky District: Woods occupy 78% of the district's territory. There are three designated protected areas of local significance: the zakazniks Maryinsky Bor and Tsaryov Bor, as well as the Northern Orchids Natural Monument.[12] ; Vozhegodsky District: Much of the area of the district is covered by swamps. The biggest one is the Charonda Swamp southeast of Lake Vozhe (shared also with Ust-Kubensky and Kirillovsky Districts). ; Vozhegodsky District: The area was populated by Finnic peoples and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was split between Ingermanland Governorate (known from 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate), and from 1727, separate Novgorod Governorate (west) and Archangelgorod Governorate (east). In 1780, Archangelogorod Governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty, and in 1796 the latter was split into Arkhangelsk and Vologda Governorates. What is now Vozhegodsky District was then split between Kirillovsky Uyezd of Novgorod Governorate (west) and Kadnikovsky Uyezd of Vologda Governorate (east).
Knowledge1: The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou is an arrondissement of France in the Eure-et-Loir department in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has 48 communes. Its population is 36,035 (2016), and its area is 811.1 km2. 1) Authon-du-Perche ; 2) La Loupe ; 3) Nogent-le-Rotrou ; 4) Thiron-Gardais The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou was created in 1800, disbanded in 1926 and restored in 1943. As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou were, as of January 2015:  ; 26) Luigny (28219) ; 27) Manou (28232) ; 28) Marolles-les-Buis (28237) ; 29) Meaucé (28240) ; 30) Miermaigne (28252) ; 31) Montigny-le-Chartif (28261) ; 32) Montireau (28264) ; 33) Montlandon (28265) ; 34) Moulhard (28273) ; 35) Nogent-le-Rotrou (28280) ; 36) Nonvilliers-Grandhoux (28282) ; 37) Saint-Bomer (28327) ; 38) Saint-Éliph (28335) ; 39) Saintigny (28331) ; 40) Saint-Jean-Pierre-Fixte (28342) ; 41) Saint-Maurice-Saint-Germain (28354) ; 42) Saint-Victor-de-Buthon (28362) ; 43) Souancé-au-Perche (28378) ; 44) Le Thieulin (28385) ; 45) Thiron-Gardais (28387) ; 46) Trizay-Coutretot-Saint-Serge (28395) ; 47) Vaupillon (28401) ; 48) Vichères (28407) The communes of the arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou, and their INSEE codes, are:   In 1800 the arrondissements of Chartres, Châteaudun, Dreux and Nogent-le-Rotrou were established. The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou was disbanded in 1926, and restored in 1943. Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou  The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou is an arrondissement of France in the Eure-et-Loir department in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has 48 communes. [sep] Knowledge2: Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou: The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou is an arrondissement of France in the Eure-et-Loir department in the Centre-Val de Loire region. It has 48 communes.[2] Its population is 36,035 (2016), and its area is 811.1 km2 (313.2 sq mi).[3] ; Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou: The communes of the arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou, and their INSEE codes, are:[2] ; Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou: The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou was created in 1800, disbanded in 1926 and restored in 1943.[4] ; Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou: As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou were, as of January 2015:[5] ; Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou: 48°19′N 0°49′E﻿ / ﻿48.317°N 0.817°E﻿ / 48.317; 0.817
Knowledge1: The arrondissement of Lannion is an arrondissement of France in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the Brittany region. It has 57 communes. Its population is 99,903 (2016), and its area is 904.4 km2. 1) Lannion ; 2) Lézardrieux ; 3) Perros-Guirec ; 4) Plestin-les-Grèves ; 5) Plouaret ; 6) La Roche-Derrien ; 7) Tréguier The arrondissement of Lannion was created in 1800. As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Lannion were, as of January 2015:  Arrondissement of Lannion  The arrondissement of Lannion is an arrondissement of France in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the Brittany region. It has 57 communes. [sep] Knowledge2: Arrondissement of Lannion: The arrondissement of Lannion is an arrondissement of France in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the Brittany region. It has 57 communes.[2] Its population is 99,903 (2016), and its area is 904.4 km2 (349.2 sq mi).[3] ; Arrondissement of Lannion: The communes of the arrondissement of Lannion, and their INSEE codes, are:[2] ; Arrondissement of Lannion: The arrondissement of Lannion was created in 1800.[4] ; Arrondissement of Lannion: As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Lannion were, as of January 2015:[5] ; Arrondissement of Lannion: 48°44′N 3°27′W﻿ / ﻿48.733°N 3.450°W﻿ / 48.733; -3.450
Knowledge1: The canton of Mirambeau contained 19 communes and had 7,815 inhabitants (2012). Canton of Mirambeau  The Canton of Mirambeau is a former canton of the Charente-Maritime "département", in France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 7,815 inhabitants (2012). The lowest point is the Atlantic Ocean at the commune of Saint-Sorlin-de-Conac, the highest point is at Salignac-de-Mirambeau at 111 m, the average or the centre is 46 m. The most populated commune was Mirambeau with 1,491 inhabitants (2012).<ref name=pop2012/> [sep] Knowledge2: Canton of Mirambeau: The Canton of Mirambeau is a former canton of the Charente-Maritime département, in France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 7,815 inhabitants (2012).[1] The lowest point is the Atlantic Ocean at the commune of Saint-Sorlin-de-Conac, the highest point is at Salignac-de-Mirambeau at 111 m, the average or the centre is 46 m.  The most populated commune was Mirambeau with 1,491 inhabitants (2012).[1] ; Canton of Mirambeau: The canton comprised the following communes:[1] ; Canton of Mirambeau: 45°23′N 0°34′W﻿ / ﻿45.383°N 0.567°W﻿ / 45.383; -0.567
Knowledge1:  Saanen District was one of the 26 administrative districts in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. Its capital was the municipality of Saanen. The district had an area of 241 km² and consisted of 3 municipalities: Saanen District  Saanen District was one of the 26 administrative districts in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. Its capital was the municipality of Saanen. The district had an area of 241 km² and consisted of 3 municipalities: [sep] Knowledge2: Saanen District: Saanen District is one of the 26 administrative districts in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. Its capital, while having administrative power, was the municipality of Saanen. From 1 January 2010, the district lost its administrative power while being replaced by the Obersimmental-Saanen (administrative district), whose administrative centre is still Saanen. Since 2010, it remains therefore a fully recognised district under the law and the Constitution (Art.3 al.2) of the Canton of Berne. The district has an area of 241 km² and consists of 3 municipalities: ; Saanen District: 46°29′00″N 7°16′00″E﻿ / ﻿46.4833°N 7.26667°E﻿ / 46.4833; 7.26667
Knowledge1:   Plaza de la Ciudadanía (, Citizenry Square) is a public square located in the southern façade of the Palacio de La Moneda (Chile's presidential palace) in Santiago. It used to be part of the grass garden and parking area of the Palace. Construction began in November 2004, as part of the Bicentennial Projects (a series of public works initiated by the executive branch all over the country for the purpose of celebrating the nation's 200 years of independence). The first stage of the works, inaugurated in January 2006, featured as centerpiece the Centro Cultural Palacio de La Moneda ("La Moneda Palace Culture Centre"), a large underground cultural facility, as well as two water mirrors, two lines of fountains, a new underground parking area and the relocation of the statue of former-president Alessandri.  In the future, the nearby Alameda Avenue will go underground, allowing to connect the Plaza directly with the Paseo Bulnes (Bulnes Boulevard), respecting the original design of the Barrio Cívico de Santiago ("Civic Quarter"), with a grand perspective from the Palace and other government buildings down the Boulevard. This third phase of the project is still pending final approval. [sep] Knowledge2: Capital Bank Plaza: 35°46′33″N 78°38′20″W﻿ / ﻿35.7757°N 78.6390°W﻿ / 35.7757; -78.6390
Knowledge1: The arrondissement of Florac is an arrondissement of France in the Lozère department in the Occitanie région. Its INSEE code is 481 and its capital city is Florac-Trois-Rivières. Its population is 13,242 (2016), and its area is 1687.5 km2. It is the smallest and southernmost of the two arrondissements of the department. There is only one town with more than 1,000 inhabitants: Florac, with 1,958 inhabitants.  The arrondissement of Florac is surrounded by the arrondissement of Mende to the north, by the Gard department to the east and south, and by the Aveyron department to the west. 1) Barre-des-Cévennes ; 2) Florac ; 3) Le Massegros ; 4) Meyrueis ; 5) Le Pont-de-Montvert ; 6) Sainte-Enimie ; 7) Saint-Germain-de-Calberte The arrondissement of Florac was created in 1800. As a result of the reorganisation of the cantons of France which came into effect in 2015, the borders of the cantons are no longer related to the borders of the arrondissements. The cantons of the arrondissement of Florac were, as of January 2015:  Arrondissement of Florac  The arrondissement of Florac is an arrondissement of France in the Lozère department in the Occitanie région. Its INSEE code is 481 and its capital city is Florac-Trois-Rivières. Its population is 13,242 (2016), and its area is .  It is the smallest and southernmost of the two arrondissements of the department. There is only one town with more than 1,000 inhabitants: Florac Trois Rivières, with 2,067 inhabitants. [sep] Knowledge2: Florac: The French Wars of Religion resulted in the destruction of Florac's medieval Catholic church in 1561 and some time after the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685, Florac's first Protestant church was also razed.
Knowledge1: Yalutorovsky District  (Ялу́торовский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-two in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. Within the framework of municipal divisions, it is incorporated as Yalutorovsky Municipal District. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is 2800 km2. Its administrative center is the town of Yalutorovsk (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 14,461 (2010 Census);  Within the framework of administrative divisions, Yalutorovsky District is one of the twenty-two in the oblast. The town of Yalutorovsk serves as its administrative center, despite being incorporated separately as an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the district is incorporated as Yalutorovsky Municipal District. The Town of Yalutorovsk is incorporated separately from the district as Yalutorovsk Urban Okrug. Yalutorovsky District  Yalutorovsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-two in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. Within the framework of municipal divisions, it is incorporated as Yalutorovsky Municipal District. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Yalutorovsk (which is not administratively a part of the district). [sep] Knowledge2: Yalutorovsky District: Yalutorovsky District  (Russian: Ялу́торовский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-two in Tyumen Oblast, Russia.[1] Within the framework of municipal divisions, it is incorporated as Yalutorovsky Municipal District.[6] It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is 2,800 square kilometers (1,100 sq mi).[3] Its administrative center is the town of Yalutorovsk[2] (which is not administratively a part of the district).[1] Population: 14,461 (2010 Census);[4] 15,799 (2002 Census);[8] 16,696 (1989 Census).[9] ; Yalutorovsky District: As a municipal division, the district is incorporated as Yalutorovsky Municipal District.[6] The Town of Yalutorovsk is incorporated separately from the district as Yalutorovsk Urban Okrug.[6] ; Yalutorovsk: Within the framework of administrative divisions, it serves as the administrative center of Yalutorovsky District, even though it is not a part of it.[1] As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the Town of Yalutorovsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts.[1] As a municipal division, the Town of Yalutorovsk is incorporated as Yalutorovsk Urban Okrug.[4] ; Category:Yalutorovsky District: This category has the following 2 subcategories, out of 2 total. ; Category:Yalutorovsky District: The following 4 files are in this category, out of 4 total.
Knowledge1: Gmina Osiecznica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Osiecznica, which lies approximately 13 km north-west of Bolesławiec and 116 km west of the regional capital Wrocław. The gmina covers an area of 437.07 km2, and as of 2019 its total population is 7,396.  Gmina Osiecznica is bordered by the gminas of Bolesławiec, Iłowa, Małomice, Nowogrodziec, Szprotawa, Węgliniec and Żagań. Gmina Osiecznica  Gmina Osiecznica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Osiecznica, which lies approximately north-west of Bolesławiec and west of the regional capital Wrocław.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2019 its total population is 7,396. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Osiecznica: Gmina Osiecznica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Osiecznica, which lies approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 116 km (72 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław. ; Gmina Osiecznica: The gmina covers an area of 437.07 square kilometres (168.75 sq mi), and as of 2019 its total population is 7,396. ; Gmina Osiecznica: Gmina Osiecznica is bordered by the gminas of Bolesławiec, Iłowa, Małomice, Nowogrodziec, Szprotawa, Węgliniec and Żagań. ; Gmina Osiecznica: The gmina contains the villages of Bronowiec, Długokąty, Jelenie Rogi, Jeziory, Kliczków, Ławszowa, Luboszów, Ołobok, Osiecznica, Osieczów, Parowa, Poświętne, Przejęsław, Świętoszów and Tomisław. ; Gmina Osiecznica: Gmina Osiecznica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the village of Osiecznica, which lies approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north-west of Bolesławiec and 116 km (72 mi) west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Knowledge1:  The county is subdivided into 14 gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and 11 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population. Gmina Radomsko  Gmina Radomsko is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Radomsko, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,653. [sep] Knowledge2: Radomsko: On 1 September 1939, the first day of the German invasion of Poland that started World War II, the Germans air raided the town.[8] Dozens of civilians were killed in the bombings. Radomsko was taken over by the Wehrmacht on 3 September 1939.[9] The next day, the Germans carried out executions of Poles in the present-day districts of Bartodzieje, Folwarki and Stobiecko Miejskie.[2] On 6–8 September 1939, the Einsatzgruppe II entered the town, and then carried out mass arrests of Poles, and searched Polish offices and organizations.[10] Polish underground resistance was organized already in October 1939.[8] There was also secret Polish schooling.[2] ; Radomsko: In April 1946, 167 partisans of the Underground Polish Army attacked a communist prison and liberated over 50 prisoners.[18] In the following weeks, the communists increased repressions and arrested about 150 people associated with the resistance movement.[18] In May 1946, the communists sentenced 17 participants of the action from April 1946, including 12 to death.[18] Those sentenced to death were brutally murdered, and then their bodies were thrown into a well near the Pilica river.[18] ; Radomsko: The Culture Center and the Regional Museum were opened in 1967 and 1969, respectively.[18] In December 1981, the communists imprisoned eight local Solidarity members.[18] The local people gathered and tried to stop the transport of the arrested activists, however, they were still interned by the communists in Sieradz and then Łowicz.[18] ; Gmina Radomsko: Gmina Radomsko is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Radomsko, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. ; Gmina Radomsko: The gmina covers an area of 85.34 square kilometres (32.9 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 5,653.
Knowledge1: Gmina Babice  Gmina Babice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Babice, which lies approximately south-east of Chrzanów and west of the regional capital Kraków.  The gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 8,803.  The gmina contains part of the protected area called Tenczynek Landscape Park. [sep] Knowledge2: Gmina Babice: Gmina Babice is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Babice, which lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Chrzanów and 36 km (22 mi) west of the regional capital Kraków. ; Gmina Babice: The gmina covers an area of 54.47 square kilometres (21.0 sq mi), and as of 2006 its total population is 8,803. ; Gmina Babice: Gmina Babice contains the villages and settlements of Babice, Jankowice, Mętków, Olszyny, Rozkochów, Włosień, Wygiełzów and Zagórze. ; Gmina Babice: Gmina Babice is bordered by the gminas of Alwernia, Chrzanów, Libiąż, Przeciszów and Zator.